description• Recruitment areas: 1. Front-end developer: 4+ years of experience preferred - React.js Vue.js - MongoDB/MySQL - At least 2 service or project publishing experiences (regardless of personal/commercial) - GCP Those with a good understanding of the cloud - Ability to use Git 2. Back-end developer: 3+ years of experience preferred - Node.js - MySQL - AWS/GCP - At least 3 years of experience• Front-end development (WemixPlay back office)• Web development (front-end, back-end) • Selection procedure: Document screening ＞ 1st interview ＞ Personality test ＞ 2nd interview ＞ Final acceptanceBackend & Frontend Development• Cookat Market e-commerce (backend/frontend) development[Main tasks] • Platform maintenance and advancement • Maintenance of web solutions developed in PHP • Advanced development of new functions [Development environment] • DB: MariaDB • Lang: PHP javascript JQuery• Develop a solution that reflects the sourcing/procurement/order/payment system • Develop an integrated management solution that makes work time efficient • Develop an inventory management solution that minimizes redundant work and manual work • Develop a system that improves the flow and entry/exit efficiency of the warehouse• Web application development by good people • Development of in-house admin tools used by good people • Development and maintenance of a UI system applying the design system of good people • Creation of code that is good for collaboration through continuous refactoring and code review• Web front-end development of Pickle Plus service • Admin system developmentAll front-end tasks related to the Wonderwall Fromm service • Design of new services • Improvement and maintenance of existing service features• Web and app development for Farm Morning service • Developing functions to develop distribution channels for farmers • Digitally solving problems related to agricultural work, weather, pests, and prices for farmers • Establishing an environment where front-end engineers from various development teams can work efficiently• Web/front-end development work, etc.• Continuously maintain the application/my page system for customer ordering system for more than 10,000 servings per day • Develop delivery-related hybrid app & maintain services developed based on existing web • Develop administrator page used by Wehudling internal employees & Maintenance • Technical support to advance the WEIT delivery and operation system • Directly suggest and implement challenging ideas that are connected to the WEIT team’s mission ＜Recruitment Process＞ 1. Document screening 2. Online assignment performance 3. Practical interview 4. Team fit interview 5. Final Negotiation *Please include only actual employment information on your resume. (Information other than experience must be listed as other items) *Sensitive information such as salary will not be included in the resume. *The above process may be adjusted depending on the situation. *If there is a qualified person within the period, it will close early. ＜Join Conditions＞ 1. Full-time employee (decision on conversion after 3-month trial period) 2. Work start date: negotiable• Development and maintenance of Typescript React-based web services related to our services • Development planning related to our servicesFor more information, please refer to Notion.[Feel free to do the things below!] • Stick to customer-centered thinking and go beyond commerce to find features that deliver joy and value to customers through various experiments. • Create a scalable environment with software technology by immediately communicating and collaborating with all members of the company.This is how Finda front-end developers work! • Finda works as a purpose-built organization where colleagues in various positions, including Software Engineer, Product Owner, and Product Designer, collaborate with one goal: ‘good products.’ • Finda’s front-end developers work proactively within a PT (Product Team) with expertise and affection for the product. • We work in a 2-6 week sprint cycle and consider the compromise between product speed and quality to achieve the best results. • Through weekly meetings with colleagues in front-end positions, we share key agendas, discuss better methods, and conduct code reviews. • To achieve company-wide OKRs, you can synchronize the why and how with your colleagues while also focusing on your own work with ownership. Main business: Finda dreams of providing banking services to 10 million people. We want to provide banking services by partnering with various financial institutions so that our customers can use the best conditions and products based on their data! • Develop and maintain/improve various web view service web products provided by Finda. • We design and develop micro front-end architecture. • We carry out performance improvement and optimization work to provide the best experience to Finda users.• Implementation of next-generation travel platform web service • Implementation of admin page screen• CLUS service front-end development • Development (construction) of educational websites and various services- Virtual asset storage service front-end development- Web-based SaaS front-end development (Vue.js Nuxt.js) - Component and development tool development - Front-end performance improvement- Front-end development of virtual asset exchange and related financial services (asset management, payment, remittance, etc.)• Conversational AI - Develop all internal/external services that are linked to analysis platform users. • Develop web (app) services using React or React Native. • Collaborate with planners, designers and back-end developers • Improve and optimize product usability. • Develop and improve common components across front-end services.• Front-end development work to build transportation platform services • Transportation platform user web administrator web mobile front-end development work1. Development of KeepGrow Chrome Extension • Development of Chrome Extension project to automate store settings (Javascript React) • Development of tutorial system for automation of settings and functions (Javascript TypeScript) 2. Back office development • KeepGrow store operation and Development of front (React) for integration with Chrome extension • Development of common components for settings page • Development of common components (React) that allow product planners to easily plan and build functions of various settings pages for use of workbots- Development and advancement of the global luxury B2B platform front-end - Analyzing business needs and implementing appropriate solutions - Continuous correction of technical issues - Leading participation in the entire process from service architecture design to launch - Development of Buying Square platform based on React TypeScript• Develop all internal/external services that are linked to Payhere users. • Develop apps/web services using React or React Native. • We improve and optimize usability with the goal of providing a better user experience. • Develop and improve common components across front-end services. • Improve your development environment to increase productivity.• Operation/improvement of existing service (seoulpi io) • Development of seoulpi io's English service • Development of global REITs monitoring service • Development of REITs ETF and robo-advisor• You will develop the front-end side of Gold Popcorn (Upstore) • Gold Popcorn (Upstore) App development • Gold Popcorn (Upstore) admin web development • Collaboration with overseas development teams• React front-end development[Responsibilities] • Customer/service-oriented micro front-end design and development • Web service development using React-based SPA framework【Payta Lab Product Team】 The product team is a team that creates customer-oriented products by connecting pass order users and store owners. For product growth, we absorb and implement numerous ideas and projects that each team wants to realize through organic communication. To this end, we avoid unnecessary and complicated work processes and have an efficient work culture centered on execution. With the mindset of “the final gateway to development,” we are a team that learns and implements any and all means to develop products that are stable and can bring about innovation. There are people who enjoy the process of realizing a product, such as engineers, product owners, product designers, and DevOps, and more than that, there are people who agree that business impact is the most important. 【If you come, you will do this kind of work!】 • Passorder front-end developers develop new features for services that are linked to various landing page native apps. • We are conducting development to improve the efficiency of Pass Order service operation, including service operation back office development. • Develop web pages and internal back office to ensure Passorder users have the best experience. • Use React TypeScript to implement and optimize services that are fast, sustainable, and responsive to bugs. 【Development environment】 • Language used: TypeScript JavaScript HTML CSS • Development environment and tools: Angular React Sass Webpack Npm Git Docker【Working in a team like this】 Codeit believes that continuous value creation and growth are possible only when the development of essential products is supported. Based on this belief, Codeit, and especially the product team, set the number of learners who take 10 or more lessons per week (Weekly Learning Users) as the key indicator we should aim for. Increasing inflow, improving the funnel from inflow to subscription conversion, enabling subscribed users to participate in weekly learning, improving the learning experience for students and the production environment for content creators all contribute to this key indicator. . At the same time, in order to achieve product growth, Codeit created five units (teams with people from different roles gathered around a specific project). And we are leading the growth of Weekly Learning Users every week. We are confident that by joining us, not only will our students grow, but you will also grow quickly. We look forward to creating this great product together with you. 【 This is what we do 】 1. Develop and operate Code It webpage We develop and operate the Code It main website, which provides internally produced content to users. The page is being developed using Next.js React Typescript SASS. Excluding Internet Explorer, it supports only browsers that comply with web standards and communicates using API and GraphQL. We are developing a variety of challenging functions, from video playback to code execution web terminal. 2. Development of various other web pages In addition to the main web page, we develop and operate a B2B management site, blog, and company introduction site. We use the same stack as the main web page and are gradually introducing MonoRepo based on Nx to manage various web pages efficiently. 3. Design system development and operation There is a design system created using Storybook. We expand and improve the design system together with designers to ensure that Codeit's unique components shared across multiple sites maintain unity. 4. Boot Camp Project Development After joining the company, you will be responsible for projects to be carried out during the Code It Boot Camp “Sprint” process for 3 to 6 months. After the project is completed, I will continue working as a full-time front-end engineer for the product team. 【 Use these technology stacks 】 • React.js • TypeScript • Next.js • GraphQL • Apollo Client • Sass It’s okay if it doesn’t fit the current stack. If you are a fast-learning, passionate front-end engineer with at least 2 years of experience, please apply! (*GitHub account submission recommended)• Front-end development using React • Existing web service front-end maintenance • Mobile app (React Native) maintenance • Collaboration with planners, designers, and back-end developersWeb/app service development Web-based WYSIWYG authoring tool development Back office development· We do all front-end work related to deep sales services · We improve and maintain existing service functions• Development and update of new features of Four Greet’s main service (UX heatmap Journey Map) • Development of Four Greet’s domestic and international marketing/event pages • Development of back office functions• Development of everyone’s pet commerce webpage• Develop web services and smart TV apps using React. • Develop cross-platform mobile apps using React Native.Lemon Base seeks to innovate through technology the way people grow and achieve results. In other words, we are creating an HR SaaS that helps us conduct systematic ‘performance management’ by carrying out activities for growth on a regular basis, rather than a one-time ‘performance evaluation’ at the end of the year or during evaluation season. • Currently, Lemon Base has goal management / 1:1 meetings / reviews / frequent feedback products. • Understand the pain points of each persona (member/leader/management/administrator) size and readiness and design a structure that can simply unravel complex threads. • Create a structure that reliably processes data that generates ‘mass processing with one click’. • We collect data through in-depth conversations with each and every customer and generalize the collected data to create the best products that can be used universally.- The front-end team is working hard to reflect and advance the various needs of customers who love 29CM, including discovery, search, content, ordering, payment, and delivery. - In addition, we are developing a new commerce back office and partner center to enhance services. - Currently, most of the major domains in the existing Angular-based service have been converted to React, and we are aiming for a complete conversion to React from a long-term perspective. - If you join, you will be assigned to a squad as part of the front-end team and contribute to achieving the OKR of the squad*. *Squad is an organization composed of several job groups such as Product Owner, Product Designer, Server/Frontend/Mobile Engineer, Data Analyst, etc. It focuses on one domain to achieve the 29CM product team goal, and sometimes collaborates with other squads/organizations to achieve common goals. . ＜Team Culture＞ The front-end team is pursuing CDD based on the storybook and is working hard to create as stable a service as possible by writing separate testing for important logic. Basically, error monitoring is performed through Sentry, and when large-scale traffic is expected, monitoring is performed through Grafana. We also enjoy conferences with colleagues to share knowledge, and encourage pair coding or mob coding among colleagues within the cell. Ultimately, the front-end team seeks to maintain an appropriate balance between the squad's OKR achievement and service quality to enable continued growth of the business, and pursues both the growth of the company and the individual growth of development members through balanced team operation. . ＜This is how the 29CM front-end team works＞ 1. We prioritize customer experience - We understand customer needs and work hard to solve problems from the customer’s perspective. 2. Aim for business impact - As a member of the company before being a developer, I first think about ways to contribute more to the company's business with technology. The company's business development is given top priority. - Conversion to React is important, but if necessary, work should also be done on the existing Angular base. - However, we caution against continuously accumulating technical debt by focusing only on business speed. As you accumulate technical debt, your efforts to achieve greater impact will be hindered by debt. Always try to balance technical debt with speed of business accomplishment. 3. If possible, try new proposals first and look back - We make persuasion and proposals based on PoC data of the pros and cons of facts and technology, and through this, we judge and try what can be solved. - We try to try new suggestions that add value to the team. Rather than worrying and delaying, we pursue a method of trying things quickly and looking back over a certain period of time. 4. Make decisions freely based on mutual trust - Each member freely decides on the direction of work under a collaborative method that is documented or agreed upon within the team. - If there is ambiguity or tacit knowledge in the work, after discussion, all members pursue work in the same direction. If you need to organize documents, organize them into documents and share them. 5. Pursue work efficiency - When we feel that inefficiency is occurring in team work or collaboration, we aim to actively discuss it and then initiate action for change. Key technology stack: Next.js Angular React Query Zustand Storybook Jest Typescript Development tools: Yarn Unleash Firebase Jenkins Github Actions Collaboration tools: Github Slack Notion Zeplin JIRA Monitoring tools: Sentry Kibana Grafana• Develop user interface for typecast service • Implement and publish effective architecture and reusable components for complex web applications • Recognize and resolve performance and scalability issues • Collaborate with design back-end business development staff• Plug Link service back office development and maintenance • Charger Management Tool (CSMS) back office development and maintenance • Static&Stateless SSR site construction and operationLet me first introduce SlogUp’s development culture. At Sloggers, all members, including PM designers and developers, define and design products as a team with the mindset of ‘responding to uncertain hypotheses and risks at the beginning rather than at the end.’ Front-end product engineers are responsible for the following tasks: - Understand why the products and functions being developed are being developed - Participate from the idea stage and suggest creative and efficient directions - Present ways to achieve maximum effectiveness with minimal development - Collaborate with PM product designers to focus on functionality rather than function implementation Solve problems - Build prototypes very quickly during the hypothesis verification stage - Develop proven goals into efficient and scalable designs - Continuously learn technology and flexibly apply it to products by considering business aspects - High trust Schedule estimation capability to make level commitments• Live All UI (front-end development) • React component development • Spring Boot linked work-Perform new/technology improvement projects based on customer experience -Improve and develop front-end architecture -Apply new technologies based on user experience as a front-end developer -Perform new projects and legacy improvement work for exhibition and search squad -React TypeScript Next.js Recoil Jsp Jquery* SECURIST information protection service matching platform maintenance and additional function development[If you join Nubi Lab's 'Frontend Chapter', you will do these tasks together] • We do our best to improve user experience by developing products for users of various customers, including B2B B2C, through React Next.js-based client service ( A variety of clients, including kindergartens, schools, companies, and public institutions, work with Nubi Lab) • Develop a web service that delivers customized healthcare information based on meal data consumed by users • Test hypotheses based on Nubi Lab’s abundant food data Create an MVP for • Try out new technologies and development methodologies to create a better development environment, and learn and discuss together what is needed to deliver improved product quality and user experience.Forcetype’s front-end engineers develop new products and upgrade existing products. ∙ Front-end development in web and mobile environments• We develop and operate a new front-end for all Getcha services, including user apps, vehicle relay systems, and business automation systems. • Help your colleagues grow based on your deep understanding of front-end development platforms and outstanding capabilities. • We always give top priority to tasks required for the team, rather than focusing on technology, and collaborate with colleagues based on autonomy and responsibility to produce results.• Develop Millie's Library viewer and post editor. • Develop milli platform applications including web and mobile desktop.The Wello development team is currently working on porting the Vue Nuxt-based Front End development environment to React Next (WEB) and React Native (Hybrid App). Accordingly, we are seeking a FrontEnd developer who will help us transition the development environment to React.ㆍ Customer/service-oriented front-end design and developmentThis is the job you will be responsible for when you join. - Responsible for front web development of the webtoon platform (Bomtoon/Lezhin Comics). - Perform maintenance of existing platforms and upgrades of new launching platforms.[What kind of work will you do?] • Develop new features for Focus Pang. • Participate in Focus Pang’s ongoing service maintenance.[Main tasks] - Our team is responsible for building a web-based online learning management system, which is a contact point with customers, to achieve the vision of the K-POP Career Development Platform. From the customer's perspective, we work to materialize various methodologies that can efficiently develop one's career and achieve self-motivation. To this end, we not only apply a variety of the latest web technologies, but also measure performance and share it with other teams. We are working with the mission of growing together with our customers. - Production of video-based Contents Delivery service: Currently, we are operating a web player service that can control subtitles, dubbing functions, video pitch/speed adjustment, etc. through APIs such as JavaScript's HTMLVideoElement AudioContext MediaStream, as well as simple lecture videos, and streaming them in HLS format. there is. In the future, based on this, we aim to build an experience that allows users to interact in near-time by analyzing the user's real-time video through Skeleton-based Action Recognition technology. - Production of real-time video chat service: Based on ZoomVideoSDK, we are operating a video chat service so that users and trainers can communicate and practice in real time. For this purpose, we utilize APIs such as Canvas MediaStream SharedArrayBuffer, and we are putting a lot of effort into performance optimization and browser control/optimization as we utilize various latest APIs. Ultimately, we aim to provide an optimized user experience so that users can feel connected to other users and trainers at all times. - Creating an interactive campaign page: Create an interactive campaign page using libraries such as gsap D3.js on the NextJS framework. In addition, we specifically measure the performance of web pages not only through GA4/gtag Pixel, but also through our own library. We focus on SEO and work to ensure that campaigns are properly exposed in various advertising environments, including desktop mobile browsers and in-app browsers. - i18n-based multilingual application: Our service is provided to users in 190+ countries around the world. In fact, users of various nationalities, including Canada, the United States, France, Malaysia, Vietnam, Spain, Brazil, and Japan, as well as teenagers and young adults, are paying for and using our service. Additionally, ads are being exposed to approximately 300 million users around the world, and users are flowing into our campaign pages at a high reach rate. Therefore, we need to analyze the user environment and provide services in the appropriate language. Therefore, we are providing multilingual UI/UX to users based on our experience in providing services in more than 7 languages ​​in the EDKPOP service launched in 2020. [Selection Procedure] 1. Application screening: There is a job test to check the competency of the application part. It has a higher weight than document review. 2. Job interview: Conducted with the person you will be working with! 3. Cultural fit interview: Interview is conducted in small groups according to the interviewee. Includes executive interviews. 4. Final acceptance• Development and operation of digital marketing automation platform Lever Expert • React Frontend development • Internal component development and business requirements implementation • SW quality assurance through test automation • UI/UX development using React• Development and maintenance of totus (translator work platform editor tool) • Development and maintenance of Jamake (video translation platform) • Development and maintenance of PANOPLAY (video webtoon web novel translation platform)• Web/mobile Front-End development and maintenance[WMS Development/Operation] - New feature development and performance optimization - Progressive refactoring of legacy code[Main tasks] • Haple app service front-end development (React Native) • Haple app web view front-end development (React.js) • Haple admin system front-end development (React.js) • Haple homepage front-end development (React.js) ) [Selection procedure] Document screening - Interview - Negotiation of conditions - Final acceptance * Documents to be submitted 1. Resume and brief self-introduction - Required contents: Basic information Motive for applying Previous company salary and desired salary - Available technology stack and github Be sure to include your address! 2. Submit a portfolio - anything that represents yourself well is acceptable. - If you have any previous projects in which you have worked on related work, please let us know in your portfolio.• Website front-end development and maintenance.• Sentbe internal service development • Sentbe remittance service web front-end development • Common component/design system development used in Sentbe web service• Overall B2BC math flat service front-end development • Maintaining and upgrading web and web view services • Role of thinking about and sharing good development methodsYou will develop the front-end side of Test Valley. • Test Valley B2C web development • Test Valley admin web development[Introducing the development team’s team culture] • We are carrying out the project in an agile manner. • We constantly think and discuss user feedback and efficient code. • We are working together to create a better learning environment for students through the development of an education portal and LMS (Learning Management System). • Each person takes the initiative in carrying out his or her work and expresses opinions freely. [Let’s do this together] • Front-end development of an education portal and LMS (Learning Management System) • Development of an education portal that introduces and sells the curriculum of Everyone’s Research Institute • Management of the learning services used by users and the learning status of students Develop back-office services • Create a design system in conjunction with Storybook to create components considering scalability • Develop various interactions for gamification to improve users’ learning immersion experienceGangnam Unni Team web front-end developers work like this: <Learn, experience, and grow> We want to grow without stopping. The Gangnam Unni team has been solving market problems to achieve the goal of ‘making better medical services available to everyone’. Now, we believe that continuous growth of developers and other members of the product development organization is absolutely necessary in order to solve larger and more complex problems than ever before. Therefore, Gangnam Unni team developers strive to grow through experience in the solution process and learning new knowledge as much as solving the problems they face. ＜ Engineering solutions to complex problems in the aesthetic medicine industry ＞ Many of the problems that the Gangnam Unni team deals with are large and complex. Gangnam Unni Team web front-end developers use a variety of engineering tools to solve business problems in a balanced manner within various stakeholders and interests, such as medical service users, hospitals, doctors, medical law, and personal information protection. Sometimes we focus on solving problems quickly, but we never stop investing in the sustainability of our systems. ＜ Collaborate ＞ No one on the Gangnam Unni team solves problems alone. The Gangnam Unni team pursues a high level of collaboration. We believe that only through extreme collaboration can great teams be created and solve the large and complex problems of the aesthetic medicine industry. Gangnam Unni Team web front-end developers collaborate closely with fellow front-end developers, server developers, designers, and POs to solve problems that are difficult to solve alone. Focus on the value of engineering tools Instead of blindly following trendy technical terms, focus on the value of the tools and use them to solve problems. Currently, Gangnam Unni team developers are trying to establish these techniques to secure a more stable engineering experience. ＜ Continuous Integration ＞ CI is different from simply using CI support tools such as Jenkins GitHub Actions. We are creating an environment that satisfies the following CI verification tests introduced by Martin Fowler. - Every developer commits to the `main` branch at least once a day. - Every commit runs automated builds and tests. - If the build and test fails, it is fixed within 10 minutes. By developing in this environment, the value can be delivered to users more frequently and quickly, and developers can code with a sense of stability. [Test Automation] Test automation is a necessary condition for Continuous Integration, Continuous Deployment, and DevOps. A process that does not have a high level of automated testing cannot be called this. We are increasing automated test cases, applying test-driven development, and improving systems and processes so that developers have no fear of delivering value because many of their tasks are verified by tools. [Pair Programming, Mob Programming, Code Review] Coding is collaboration. All Gangnam Unni team developers have limited authority so that they cannot commit to the `main` branch at their own discretion. All code must be written through pair programming or approved by peer review before it can be added to the `main` branch through a pull request. Sometimes, server, web, front-end, and mobile developers that handle the same business requirements come together to write code. [Domain-Driven Design] Both the Gangnam Unni team and the aesthetic medicine industry are rapidly changing and expanding. A system's ability to adapt to these changes does not come without effort. If the system cannot adapt to the business environment, the service, organization, and vision will be in vain. To secure a flexible architecture, you need to learn and apply various design techniques. Gangnam Unnie’s team is establishing domain-driven design as a foundational technique for server system expansion. If you are only focused on tactical techniques, you may enjoy a little engineering fun, but the developer's perspective will be narrowed and you will not be able to capture the value of domain-driven design. So, we focus not only on tactical patterns but also on ubiquitous languages ​​and strategic design to efficiently solve domain problems and ensure architectural sustainability. We use these tools Gangnam Unni Team web front-end developers mainly use the following tools. In addition, we introduce various tools that are most appropriate depending on the given problem. [Development language] - JavaScript/TypeScript [Framework] - React/Next.js - Vue/Nuxt.js - Monorepo (Turborepo) - Node.js [Infrastructure] - AWS - Kubernetes• Develop and maintain Wavve web-based client.• Develop web services used by customers/designers during the apartment remodeling process. • We continuously improve our products for a better user experience.• Pet health notebook mobile app and web development and maintenance • Pet health notebook main functions 1) Mobile app ㆍMembership registration and login ㆍHealth record management linked to animal hospital ㆍCommunity photos Share 2) Administrator Web ㆍMember Management ㆍBulletin Board Management ㆍContent Management ㆍService-related Statistics• Duties: KBS homepage development and maintenance • Selection procedure: Document screening - AI competency test / coding test - Integrated interview - Physical examination - Final pass• Front-end development of our own electric vehicle charger operation control platform • Front-end development of industrial power AI optimization solutions and power demand management business • Development of other new services and advancement of existing services1. Netflix Yeonga website/app development • Develop new features and improve products within the website or app • Analyze user behavior within the product and propose/implement product improvement plans in connection with a good offline experience 2. Participate in UI service planning • Improvement - Customer Consider and improve better meeting products in terms of journey, satisfaction, and platform scalabilityㆍNew project (This is a hot project that has now been init!) - Back office admin development React (SPA) React-Router MaterialUI emotionJS GraphQL Client (Apollo) Recoil Material React Table Storybook @testing-library/react For system development, outsourced UX companies and We plan to work together! Distributed through AWS S3 CloudFront Route53 - Chrismall service development (project starting in May-June) NextJS emotionJS system development will be carried out in cooperation with an outsourced UX company! It will be distributed to AWS Amplify (under review) or EC2 ㆍLegacy project operation - SpringBoot JSP Thymeleaf jQuery Oracle DB redis nginx - Legacy projects will respond only to the addition of urgent functions for operational work and will gradually be transferred to new projects ㆍOthers - GitHub We do version control - We have an environment built to do CI/CD with Jenkins and deploy to AWS - We communicate with Slack and manage work with Jira - Organize and share important information with Confluence - Development organization Everyone is working hard to make it more lively.- Banple web app front-end development - Active communication of ideas and participation in discussions during the development process * Selection process: Document application ＞ Competency interview (executives) ＞ Culture interview (executives) ＞Reference call ＞ Confirmation of required documents ＞ Treatment consultation ＞ Joining * 3 months Apprentice available• Build and deploy Payhere design system. • Improves existing component UI conventions and optimizes performance. • Develop Payhere common client library.• Web front-end (React) development1. Development of Pet Friends mobile APP/WEB service and maintenance of existing service 2. Technical implementation of UI/UX design 3. Optimization and improvement of code by applying new technology to existing code base• Develop and maintain various features of monthly installment e-learning/community services • Develop and maintain the back office used by monthly installment members • Contribute to improving service quality by reviewing the code of colleagues within the team and chapter • Analyze the chapter’s technical debt and solve this problem, contributing to the technical productivity of the chapter • Technology stack - Framework: Vue3 (Nuxt3) - Language: HTML CSS Javascript (TypeScript) - State management: Pinia Vuex - Style: SCSS Tailwind - Convention: EsLint Prettier - Others: Storybook Slack Confluence Jira Github• Web service development (React 1+ years) • Team leading and communication skillsHome Shopping Moa service development • Home Shopping Moa service app development using React React-Native Reactnavigation Nativewindcss (main task) • Data linkage and function development using status management tool Context API React Query • App development considering performance issues when developing services • Increased productivity Continuous structure for code improvement and bug issue management Management and development of company services such as Saja Market (app and web service)DevTools provides decentralized finance/gaming DApps through blockchain-based solutions. We have a vision to solve the ‘usability’ and ‘scalability’ issues that are lacking in the blockchain industry. Based on our self-developed blockchain mainnet, we aim to innovate the industry so that anyone can easily enjoy decentralized financial and gaming services. We are waiting for you to expand the new web3 ecosystem with us. • Collaborate with project team members to research ways to create a better user experience. • Develop our own UI framework and research directions for further development. • Collaborate with back-end developers to design the functionality of the web app.• Front-end (React) development • Own MES solution UI development- Platform user service front-end development and maintenance - Platform back-office front-end development and maintenance - Front-end development of other internal services and new services• Development of NHN Well-Aging service mobile UI • Development of NHN Well-Aging service manager web screen• Develop the front-end of Omnius mobile/web-based SaaS services. • Create business impact by improving the usability of screens viewed by customers and implementing new features. • Develop the front-end of a data platform for AI model training and validation.• Develop various web services that make up Classting. - Classting AI - Classting Class - Classting Web Platform • Develop common components/design systems used in Classting web services.• Develop front-end services for Musinsa platform users. • Design a front-end optimized for business requirements and screen configuration in an MSA environment.“This is how we work.” • We are developing data collection equipment that collects data using industrial protocols. • We are also developing a management server that controls the installation and operation of data collection equipment. • The entire solution is structured into MSA and developed by dividing roles, and front-end developers are developing the front-end with React. • I am using Container Orchestration, which is an extension of Kubernetes or Docker-compose. • Git Git-flow We collaborate using JIRA Confluence and develop day by day with an Agile development culture. “Please show off what an outstanding person you are.” • It would be a good idea to briefly describe the project you have undertaken and attach it along with your role and contribution to the application form. • Describe in a little more detail the project you are most proud of and why you are so proud of it. • If you have a special ability to collaborate with others, please appeal to us. • When you work with a variety of people, sometimes you can't just have good relationships. However, I think that even not-so-good experiences can help develop one's values. We also evaluate stories of growth overcoming hurts or failures very positively. • There is no need to be humble in your introduction. If there is anything I missed in the application form, please mention it during the interview.The Adriel front-end team is in charge of React-based global SaaS development. Our team is actively introducing and researching typescript and functional programming to ensure readable code. We also encourage each other's growth through regular code reviews and retrospectives. - Web UI development and maintenance - Close collaboration with UX/UI planners and designers to implement and improve various functions [Technical specifications] - Next.js React Redux Toolkit React Query Jotai - Ramda.js / RxJS / Observable Hooks - styled-components /Sasso Front-end development of web applications o UI/UX design o Optimization of web application performance o Ensure compatibility across various browsers and platforms o Develop user interface of web applications and websites using the latest web technologies o Platform planner, designer, server PO and Collaborate to bring the user interface to the highest level- Web application front-end development - User interface development【Job Introduction】 This is how I work: • I am in charge of the Web 3.0-based web front-end area and mainly develop/operate various services such as multi-chain wallet Descent and Wepin Dapp homepage event page. • We are developing various common modules that serve as the basis for service development and testing/documenting components. • We aim to develop and operate more convenient and reliable services so that Web 3.0, which is still in its early stages, can easily and safely reach many users. • As many changes occur every day in Web 3.0, we are looking for someone who is sensitive to change, always curious about new things, and willing to cooperate with team members to grow. • Various cultures for growth are in operation, such as project retrospectives, code reviews, onboarding, and sprints. 【Job Introduction】 This is what we do • We provide a convenient and consistent UX/UI experience to users who use Descent and Wepin, and develop common modules applying atomic design company-wide. • Improve users’ experience using D’Cent App and Wepin. • We develop services based on the web view of the Android/iOS-based Hybrid Mobile App. • Develop/operate the company website and the admin web service necessary for employees to operate the service. • Analyze the requirements of blockchain-based API and apply/operate it to the service. • In addition, I am responsible for overall wonderful front-end work, including new business services. 【Technology Stack】 Use these tools • Environment: Node.js (Vue.js) • Main libraries: Vue / Vuex / Webpack / Babel / Web3.js / Amplitude • Tools: Slack / Github / VSCode / Yarn / Storybook 【 Work direction】 You can also have this experience • While developing common components used throughout the service with a designer, you can think about component design and develop better architecture. • This is the area where we communicate closest to users. We can share each other's skills and knowledge through code reviews and think about ways to improve together so that we can develop high-quality components that can be applied stably to the Android/iOS web. • You can develop app screens that are used by millions of users around the world, and you can constantly think about better user experiences and improve services through collaboration with designers. • Experience test automation and distribution, such as CI/CD, to ensure that services are provided without inconvenience to users. • Through sprints, you can experience mutual growth by quickly launching and upgrading services with various team members.• JoongAng Ilbo web service front development and maintenance • Interactive web service development and maintenance【Payta Lab Product Team】 The product team is a team that creates customer-oriented products by connecting pass order users and store owners. For product growth, we absorb and implement numerous ideas and projects that each team wants to realize through organic communication. To this end, we avoid unnecessary and complicated work processes and have an efficient work culture centered on execution. With the mindset of “the final gateway to development,” we are a team that learns and implements any and all means to develop products that are stable and can bring about innovation. There are people who enjoy the process of realizing a product, such as engineers, product owners, product designers, and DevOps, and more than that, there are people who agree that business impact is the most important. 【If you come, you will do this kind of work!】 • Passorder front-end developers develop new features for services that are linked to various landing page native apps. • We are conducting development to improve the efficiency of Pass Order service operation, including service operation back office development. • Develop web pages and internal back office to ensure Passorder users have the best experience. • Use React TypeScript to implement and optimize services that are fast, sustainable, and responsive to bugs. 【Development environment】 • Language used: TypeScript JavaScript HTML CSS • Development environment and tools: Angular React Sass Webpack Npm Git Docker• PC web front-end development • Mobile web front-end development [Main technologies] • HTML5 CSS3 • JavaScript EcmaScript 6+ • TypeScript • React.js Next.js Vue.js Nuxt.js • Redux Zustand Vuex • Mocha Jest Cypress • Restful API• Development of a commercialization model for healthcare and sports industry recruitment services and advancement of usability • Development of psychological-based recruitment screening and coaching tests and advancement of usability • Development of functions related to bare run service operation• Flextudio web development • Front-end development work• Mobile web view/client app development for Blaybus service • Blaybus service maintenance recruitment process • Document review - 1st interview - (if necessary) Assignment test - 2nd interview (technical interview) - Final acceptance • Assignment based on resume and experience Testing may take place. The availability and content of the assignment test will be individually notified to those who pass the first interview. Information 1. Type of employment: Full-time employee 2. 3-month probationary period after joining the company (100% of salary paid during the probationary period) 3. Negotiation on treatment after final acceptance• SaaS service UI/UX design/development • Website design/development • In-house back office design/development • Collaboration using Git Slack Notion• Responsible for the development of Cryptotax’s enterprise service platform. • Collaborate with planners, designers, and back-end engineers to develop services. • Develop and operate an admin page to manage platform services.• Develop, operate, and upgrade the PC and mobile screens of our services. • Build and operate a web-based system according to business requirements • Form a multidisciplinary team with UX designers and marketers to achieve a common mission. (Framework System Guide) • Develop services through data-based decision making.• Healthcare platform PC Mobile web front development • Administrator web front development• Service development using React Native • Front-end development and maintenance considering Creatrip products and business purposes[Main tasks] • Goorm service front-end UI/UX development • Goorm Design System GDS development • CI/CD and container-based front-end server development and maintenance* Front-end development of data visualization-related web projectsWeb service development and maintenance of Sell Up service• Implementation of a WebSocket-based real-time collaborative code editor and learning LMS system • Development of a WebRTC-based N:N streaming system • Design planning and development of Elice's self-developed UI component elice-blocks • Implementation of a maintainable web architecture while focusing on performance• Front-end development based on React (Next.js) • Operation of domestic/overseas services and response to issues• Develop new generative AI service • Develop image processing interface • Establish development environment Develop testbed• Groovy service front-end development using React.js Next.js Node.js * Technology stack and tools - react.js next.js javascript typescript git aws figma IntelliJ vscode Jira ConfluenceMusic Cow’s development team takes the lead in ‘service maintenance/repair’ work and server development to prepare for large-scale traffic to realize a Better Music Ecosystem. Our main development languages ​​are PHP / Python / Javascript, etc., but we have excellent developers working together who want to creatively solve problems without being limited by the development language. We welcome developers who are open to this challenge because it will allow them to experience and improve on different development languages ​​and technologies in the future. Music Cow's excellent developers constantly immerse themselves in and solve unresolved problems. Our developers are focusing on preparing for Music Cow's issuance of beneficiary certificates and the start of the music copyright auction scheduled for the second half of this year. In the long term, we are continuously developing ourselves to lead Korea's STO/blockchain technology. We are a team with a relatively attractive work & life balance as we operate an efficient development process relative to the size of our services. • Music Cow advancement and maintenance• Overall Vue/Nuxt front-end development work • ESG Reporting Tool function development / corporate web sustainability report publishing, etc.[This is a job you will be doing with us as a front-end developer] #Job Introduction • The Retentics team is a solution that helps anyone gain meaningful data insights through various indicators related to customer retention without separate data analysis and development resources within the company. is making. • Retentics’ front-end developers implement Produc’s UX/UI to build applications that provide high usability to users and can safely process large amounts of data on the front-end. #Main tasks • Improve the front-end area of ​​the operating SaaS product and develop new functions. • Maintain the Retentics landing page.• Application maintenance and development • Web enhancement development work • App web code refactoringKurumi front-end development• Spandit web service/admin frontend development• New development and maintenance of Chatty main service domestic/global mobile web • New development and maintenance of Chatty viewer/studio • Migration of existing React-based project to Next.js project• Front-end design and development • Legacy improvements and performance optimization• React and Nextjs-based project maintenance • Back-office development • Nextjs-based new project development• Develop the Blooming Beat web/app front end • Actively communicate and work closely with developer PM designers • Use Jira to manage schedules and track issues• Conversational AI - Develop all internal/external services that are linked to analysis platform users. • Develop web (app) services using React or React Native. • Collaborate with planners, designers and back-end developers • Improve and optimize product usability. • Develop and improve common components across front-end services.[Main tasks] • Page development using React.js framework [Working conditions] • Employment type: Full-time / Subscription to 4 major insurance / 2 months probationary period (Early conversion to full-time position is possible depending on work performance) • Working hours: 5 days a week Working from 09:00 to 18:00 (1 hour lunch break from 12:30 to 13:30) • Working area: 2nd floor, 51 Seolleung-ro 108-gil, Gangnam-gu, Seoul (Samseong-dong) / Within 5 minutes from Exit 3 of Seonleung Station on Line 9 • Salary level : Industry's highest level of treatment [Selection procedure] • Document screening ＞ 1st interview and practical test ＞ 2nd interview ＞ Final acceptance [Attached documents] • Resume and career-focused self-introduction (required to include desired salary) • Portfolio (Document Web) (Site URL files, etc. are all possible) ※ If false information is found in the application documents, employment may be canceled even after the employment has been confirmed.- React web service frontend development and maintenance - Response to timely development requirements such as event landing pages for web environments• Work on refactoring and improving existing Sass projects. • Find the cause of problems that occur during service development and operation and find solutions together with members. • Work on developing additional functions. [Development environment] • Main technology: React Vue Docker Kubernates • Business tool: Dooray Slack Postman • CI/CD: Automatic deployment environment using Drone Docker kubernates[ Do this with us! ] • Jeju Island emotional lodging travel platform development (Jeju Dabom) and new business development • Currently developed platform front desk (flutter web java jsp) • Platform development and maintenance • 3-month probationary periodMain tasks • Develop the company's web solution front-end using React Selection process • Document screening ＞ 1st interview with a working-level employee ＞ 2nd interview with an executive ＞ Treatment consultation ＞ Final acceptance • Indicate desired salary when applying with resume• Enhance the design and development of the Panda Rank service. • Create a “PandaRank” service that provides easier and helpful data. • Develop a series of processes to collect and process data and deliver it to users. • Build a front using front-end CSS HTML5 jQuery • Perform data visualization using D3.js chart.js, etc. to provide data more easily. • Build a standard development environment based on backend Express.In the digital financial environment, we are seeking changes to increase accessibility to the young financial asset accumulation class who are familiar with mobile channels and to supply sophisticated and innovative financial products based on personal data analysis through the My Data business. When you join us, you will: We provide a variety of services to customers through the development and maintenance of customer-facing services such as the Lotte Card app and website, and create new services by identifying and researching rapidly changing IT trends. Core tasks include Loca App service and process improvement project management and service quality control. Technology stack used internally • Monorepo configuration utilizing Yarn 2 Workspace features • Typescript@4.1.x • Vue.js@v2 • Vuex@v3 • Vue Class Component • Vue Property Decorator • Vuex Module Decorators • Storybook• New service development and maintenance • Selection procedure: Documents -> 1st interview -> 2nd interview- Develop new features on platforms such as web app browser extensions - Optimize product performance and improve UI/UX in a global environment - Improve products through A/B testing and various experiments- Selection document screening - 1st interview - 2nd interview- Development of web console for SaaS required for blockchain-based services - Design and implementation of data visualization dashboardJob description: • Establishment of reusable code and libraries • Business analysis development maintenance and software improvement • Overseas developer work consultation and schedule management- Develop app and web front-end for services based on Flutter. - Understand the context of the function you are developing and consider the most appropriate implementation form. - Proceed to the distribution stage of the actual written code in the form of an app or web.- We develop/operate the front end of Baemin Ledger, a self-service B2B service channel of Baedal Minjok. ‘Self-Service’ is a product that helps hundreds of thousands of business owners, who are Baedal Minjok’s other customers, do business more easily, faster, and more effectively. Every day, 100,000 business owners use self-service to manage information such as restaurant menu reviews. ‘Baemin Ledger’ is a product that helps business owners easily check and manage sales generated during the business process. We aim to create products that help all business owners, not just Baemin owners. - We develop/operate a front-end request-approval system that allows Baedal Minjok operators to quickly process B2B requests. - We develop and operate a front-end service that allows restaurant business owners to sign contracts with Baedal Minjok on their own. - Develop/operate the web view front-end of the order reception channel app for the Baedal Minjok owner. - We develop the boss service design system together with designers.The front-end team is developing UI/UX that can easily and conveniently analyze the status of IT services of various sizes and visualize information. • We develop services that help solve problems or performance issues that occur in customer systems more easily and quickly. • We are creating an architecture that can provide WhaTap monitoring services more reliably. • Develop core modules such as data status management charts required for monitoring services.• Front-end development based on React and Javascript • B2B B2C back-office product development• F/E web application development• Create data visualization (dashboard graph) UI using our React-based solution MODL• Web3 platform front-end development and management • Leading the web development team• Develop and operate Millie’s Library web front. • Develop and operate the desktop Millie’s Library application.• Development of several monitoring products including MaxGauge (Frontend) • Data visualization[Main tasks] 1. Renewing existing sites and building new sites 2. Developing and operating a new front-end. 3. Based on a deep understanding of the front-end development platform and excellent capabilities 4. Helping colleagues grow [Technology stack/tools] Front-end applications are generally TypeScript-based React.js and Next.js. [Selection Procedure] 1. Document review 2. Job interview (coding test) 3. Management interviewㆍWebsite and application front-end development (agency) - Web front-end development - Application development - Web publishing• Development and operation of services using Buzzni AI technology • Development and operation of commerce AI back office· Conduct development sprints on a weekly basis · Share daily progress, issues, etc. · Participate in planning and share feedback with all team members · Manage tasks and issues (notion and github) · Manage code versions and collaborate with Github · Use Github actions · Automation by building CICD such as Github action Jenkins graylog · Test automation through Unittest scenario test, etc. · Code push management through PR (pull request) · Use of AWS as development infrastructure.- Development of client UI for projects to be operated or launched - Development of products with high usability considering users• React Redux React Query-based front-end code design & implementation • Page composition considering web accessibility • Company product web page management and feature developmentI work in a team like this. All the code we develop is not SI project-type work, but rather important logic used to develop our own platform, so we consider the quality of the code very important. Therefore, we actively support study and learning so that you can build the depth of skills necessary for work with the attitude of an engineer. We also conduct regular code reviews to ensure that we produce the best results while working together. When you join, you will work with engineers with at least 10 years of experience and 3 to 4 years of experience. Currently, there is not much legacy code, and we are actively developing using the latest stack such as React Typescript. This is what we do: 1. Development & operation of Gear Second’s internal game operation platform a. Responsible for building and operating the in-house platform site required for internal game operation. The page is being developed using React Typescript SASS. b. During your tenure, depending on your aptitude and desire, you may evolve or expand your scope of work as a back-end manager using Spring Boot GraphQL APollo Client or as a true full-stack developer. 2. Development of various other web pages a. In addition to platform site development work, you can gain extensive development experience including building and operating services such as company introduction sites and blogs. We use these technology stacks - React.js Redux - Typescript - API Server (Dotnet Core Scala Play framework) - Sass - It's okay if you don't have any experience with the current technology stack - If you're a quick learner and passionate, apply![What are you responsible for? ] - Development and operation of Storelink users and back office - Development and operation of Pug Shop users and back office - Development of Pug Shop service renewal - Development and operation of new services• B2C/B2B/B2G • Flutter App development • React Native-based in-house App development • Performance and bug issue management and improvement- Web development and maintenance of Jimsa service’s customer article app[Responsibilities] • Web FrontEnd development using SPA framework [Qualifications] • People with more than 2 years of relevant job experience • People with construction experience using React Vue Javascript TypeScript, etc. • Development of Restful API HTTP communication Those with experience • Those with experience in understanding and applying UX/UI (HTML CSS) [Nice to have but not necessary] • Those majoring in computer engineering • Those who have contributed to improving productivity through optimizing front-end performance or creating libraries • Publishing experience using web standards and HTML5 Javascript CSS • Experience in automating the development process, such as test distribution • Background in CI/CD application integration and distribution • Reviewing requirements, design code, etc. during the collaborative process Those who enjoy • Those who have the ability to explain the software architecture they designed and the code they wrote to colleagues • Those who have the ability to collaborate and work together with various job groups to define problems and find solutions and use collaboration tools (Notion Slack) etc.) Those with user experience • Those who propose customer requirements first and improve customer experience • Those who enjoy insight-based analysis and have problem-solving skills • Those who make rational decisions centered on customers, not limited to technology Those who have the flexibility to get down • Those who are curious and are accustomed to improving discomfort or trying new things[Work content] - EDC development and maintenance based on React [Technology stack] - React ReactNative - javascript typescript - Git Docker Jenkins [Collaboration tool] - Github Confluence TeamsㆍBuilding and managing our own service react/next.js ㆍBuilding and managing partner admin page Selection procedure ㆍDocument review - Interview with working-level staff/management - Negotiation on treatment - Joining the company ㆍProbation period: 3 months (no salary differential)ㆍOur company’s Thank You Camping platform service front-end development work• Develop our own WEB/CMS front end • Proceed with new work on a project basis [Selection procedure] Document screening -> 1st interview -> Treatment consultation and final acceptance ※ There may be a coding test for each position applied. (Separate guidance will be provided when arranging the interview schedule) ※ Reference checks can be performed with consent during the selection process.• Front-end S/W development • Blockchain and security S/W developmentWhen you join, you'll work in one of our squads, divided based on the customer journey. The squad consists of PO designers, server developers, front-end developers, and mobile app developers. A system called chapters is in place to communicate with the front developers of each squad. Front developers create the following products: • Web page editor: It is a tool that provides various types of blocks so that users can easily create them even without specialized knowledge or design capabilities, so that they can be quickly constructed with simple operations. • Various payment methods: We develop a plug-in payment module to connect major domestic PG companies and support overseas payments. • Lecture Content Editor: This is a tool that allows you to compose a class by combining all resources available online, including videos and live quizzes. • Classroom where learning is fun: We research UX that helps users immerse themselves in learning and complete it without giving up and reflect it in our products. • Settlement/Bill: Create a bill to be delivered to customers who use the pay-as-you-go method and create a function to show settlement details so that profits can be divided between instructors and partners according to various rules. • Personalized Dashboard: Each administrator can customize the module to view various data such as sales status and attendance rate. • Multilingual: We are creating a multilingual feature because our client's end users may be overseas users or foreigners living in Korea.• Development and maintenance of Typescript React-based web services related to our services • Development planning related to our services• Allcat service front-end development and operation • ReactNative-based development environment • Technology R&D for better service• Develop a back office for EasyTask's various web service web apps • Operate and improve the existing front-end development environment • Manage commonly needed components with a separate design system○ Front-end development serviced by KeyTalk AI ○ KeyTalk AI solution development- Maintenance and new development of in-house back office - New development and maintenance of back office for customers - New development and maintenance of system back office * PHP React CSS JavaScript MsSQL MySQL Git Notion• Smart city integrated control platform and solution front-end development• Develop web services used by customers/designers during the apartment remodeling process. • We continuously improve our products for a better user experience.• Willa front-end development • Willa backoffice developmentㆍWebsite and application front-end development (agency) - Web front-end development - Application development - Web publishing- Development and operation of license marketplace Solvook - Publisher platform front-end development - Admin Back office front-end development - Data editing platform Studio development - PDF viewer & note-taking and other tool support Note development - Copyright damage management service development Any of the above will be provided to applicants. Assign the most suitable team (squad). If there is any work or service you want, we will actively reflect it.[Front Team Introduction] - We use the latest technology stack, including nextjs typescript tailwind figma. - We develop web3 web that communicates directly with multiple blockchains. - We develop global web pages. - Supports UX/UI and design system training. - We provide training on blockchain domain knowledge required for the front end. - Communicate with the global team and collaborate to introduce services and SDK. - Make open source contributions to various global blockchain repositories. - All development within the team is open source development based on GitHub. - We have experience developing global services with hundreds of thousands of users, such as Crescent Dex Emeris. [Main tasks] - Web3 web app development and management - Admin landing page development and management related to the above [Web3 web app example]• Papaya Play portal front-end development • New product launch development and web event development • System improvement (w/ back-end engineer)•Design and develop web frontend for new services •Development of React-based web frontend (page for internal management)[Position Summary] • We are looking for our first front-end engineer for the Bungie team. • To date, we have been developing products through collaboration with part-time front-end engineers, and are beginning to hire full-time employees for more consistent and rapid development. [Roles and Responsibilities] • Responsible for the front-end of web-based products used by Bungie’s customers. • From selecting the appropriate technology stack to monitoring deployment, we make and execute technical decisions necessary for smooth service. [Products being made] • A product that allows client companies in need of ‘outstanding talent’ to discover the right talent • A product that helps talent seeking ‘growth through new experiences’ effectively reveal themselves • More potential customers Content that helps you discover Bungie [How do we work?] • There is no such thing as ‘just’ developing. We always share why we are creating this and what impact we expect. • To achieve this, we collect/analyze sophisticated quantitative data. • We also collect qualitative data through interviews with customers. • And we share all data 100%.• Credit ticket service front-end development • Research and development to improve web accessibility and performance 【Development environment】 - Core: JavaScript TypeScript React Next.js - State management: Zustand React Query - Work tools: Slack Jira Notion Figma Git - CI/CD : github Action[Introduction to the Retail Platform Development Team] We provide Olive Young’s O2O platform and services necessary for store management. We are making efforts to resolve various issues in POS operation and PDA functions used in stores. Develop and launch/operate service functions provided to partners. [Growth Point] - Develop and maintain various web services and databases such as the admin platform store management system and partner office internal management tools. - We learn and grow together as we apply and acquire new skills. - Share knowledge and grow together through code review studies with skilled colleagues. - We are steadily growing together through Scrum and retrospectives. - We are creating a culture of trust and respect for each other. [Job introduction] - Olive Young O2O platform service front-end development - Necessary architecture design and API development through organic collaboration with backend engineers - Better development through consultation with major stakeholders such as developers/designers/PO/Data/content/business Finding product direction• I am responsible for front-end development of the mobile web view/PC environment at Cloud EMR Doctor Palette. • Develop screens to be displayed on the Cloud EMR Doctor Palette and use visual elements to create functions that provide convenience to medical personnel.• Operation and development of the company's own platform - Healthcare Hackathon AI MD, etc. • Development of sites for government tasks and external servicesㆍNew service development work ㆍOverseas payment service operation work ㆍSmall remittance service operation work ㆍATM service operation work• Development of settlement manager page • Development of order brokerage solution• Scalable and productive web development for global AX customers • Front-end development of B2B solution (AX Cloud AX Admin) for use by travel companies • Responsive web development considering various device environments • Planning and design of business requirements Front-end development based on• Understand the goals and intent of the plan and effectively implement functions on top of the front-end technology stack. • Understand code reuse scalability and improve it into an easy-to-maintain system. • Continuously improve our technology stack and development processes. • Collaborate closely with team members or colleagues in related departments to provide the best user experience for our customers.Depending on the applicant's experience, problem-solving ability, and area of ​​interest, React front-end development is carried out in an appropriate squad. • Participates in the entire product planning and development process from initial prototyping to official release of MVP. • In addition to simply working unilaterally on screens and actions, we define protocols through communication with PO Product Designer back-end developers and perform front-end development flexibly. • For specific services, participate in development improvements to accommodate large traffic and large data processing. [Technology Stack] • Framework - React Next.js • Style - Tailwind Styled Component • Asynchronous processing - React Query• WEMIX 3.0 NILE platform development work • Blockchain new service front-end development work • MIR4 global service improvement work • Front-end style guide development work• Develop and operate a Playground Web that allows you to easily use the Twelve Labs API • Develop and upgrade a Dashboard platform that can view and manage information required for using the API • Develop an SDK Webkit Design System library to improve user experience • PM from the planning stage Close collaboration with various positions including product designers • Research and development to create a highly productive frontend development environment• Develop new projects for our integrated solution • React front-end development and maintenance • Modularize front-end code and continuously improve and refactor the structure • Service improvement through code review and architecture discussion• Responsible for front-end development of connecting using React Native • Responsible for developing web front-end of connecting using React • Responsible for back-office development using React • Discuss with the team how to resolve the cause and prevent recurrence when a failure occurs Share • Contribute to improving code quality and development culture through active code review and reflection of feedbackLemon Base seeks to innovate through technology the way people grow and achieve results. In other words, we are creating an HR SaaS that helps us conduct systematic ‘performance management’ by carrying out activities for growth on a regular basis, rather than a one-time ‘performance evaluation’ at the end of the year or during evaluation season. • Currently, Lemon Base has goal management / 1:1 meetings / reviews / frequent feedback products. • Understand the pain points of each persona (member/leader/management/administrator) size and readiness and design a structure that can simply unravel complex threads. • Create a structure that reliably processes data that generates ‘mass processing with one click’. • We collect data through in-depth conversations with each and every customer and generalize the collected data to create the best products that can be used universally.• Development and maintenance/repair of new features on the administrator website (Data Portal) • Development and maintenance/repair of new features on the Admin site• Development and maintenance of Glandy Health Halsem - Technologies used in Tyroscope • Core: React-native / React Typescript • State management: Mobx React-query • Styling: Emotion Styled-component • Build: Vite Webpack • CI/ CD: Circle CI • Collaboration: Slack Jira Figma Git flowThe task you will be responsible for is ‘Front-end development’! • ReactJS project maintenance and new feature development • Cafe24 front-end development [Recruitment process] • Document screening ＞＞ Technical assignment ＞＞ 1st interview ＞＞ 2nd interview ＞＞ Final resultWhat You’ll DO ∙ Responsible for developing and growing Smob’s online app/web service. ∙ Update various web pages implemented in the Smob app using React-Native. ∙ Develop and improve admin tools that handle all service-related data from the operator's perspective.• Development of web front-end platform for daily funding service • Development of cross-platform app (React-Native)- Data analysis service manager web development - Data analysis result visualization service development - Analysis result parsing and client view development processed in the backend [Technology stack] - Javascript / Typescript - Vue - Tailwind + CSS - Firebase (hosting firestore auth)■ What position do I join? • We develop the front-end of mobile applications for [Chabot], a car life platform for drivers. ■ If you join, what kind of team will you work on? • Techcell, a product unit belonging to Chabot Driver Circuit, which is in charge of the [Chabot] service, a car life platform for drivers, will develop the mobile application. ■ Please explain more about Techcell. • Cell is responsible for the development of the Chabot platform and is in charge of mobile applications. Together with Chabot, we are developing an integrated mobility service for drivers. ■ This is what you do when you join Techcell. • We develop mobility apps on a hybrid basis. • Develop various services such as car management commerce and new car purchase content that can be applied to Chabot’s mobile application on a hybrid basis. • Create a high-quality application by discussing with the planning and design team.This is what front-end engineers do! • Design and development of our web/mobile application and corporate back-office • Improvement to provide the best customer experience and stable service “We want to work with people like these!” • A person who proactively strives to solve problems experienced by users through IT technology • A person who is not resistant to new technologies and likes to constantly take on challenges • A person who values ​​sharing technology with team members and growing together • A person who strives to create something that works rather than just something • A person who can actively voice his or her opinion “Our team utilizes these skills!” • Front-end: React.js Next.js TypeScript JavaScript Zustand Recoil Redux emotion.js SCSS Webpack • Native App: Flutter React-Native • Back-end: TypeScript (Nest.js Node.js) Solidity Golang • Block Chain: Polygon Klyatn Luniverse LINE Blockchain • Infra: AWS (EC2 RDS DynamoDB Lambda SQS S3 Amplify Code Depoly etc.) • Co-work: Github (Mono-Repo Git-Flow) Slack Notion Jira Figma Zeplin• Mini warehouse attic service front-end development • Back-office tool development for internal operations • Participation in all processes with ownership of front-end product development • Free discussion and collaboration with chapter/squad members for better user experience• Web front-end development for Moin’s overseas remittance service • Code writing, testing, code review, distribution and operation[This is what we do] We develop and operate VerifyVASP, a solution to support travel rule regulations (ex. Korea's Special Money Act) that virtual asset handling businesses such as cryptocurrency exchanges must comply with. • Front-end development of a customer service site where customers can log in to view and manage various information • VerifyVASP administrator (Admin) can log in to manage customers and view travel rule data • Front-end development of an admin site • Customer service Response to inquiries such as support for integration testing of VerifyVASP product usage • Development and operation of advanced service sites [Main technology stack] • Front-end: Vue.js CSS HTML Typescript • Back-end: Node.js Nest.js Typescript Typeorm MySQL • Infrastructure: AWS Docker Kubernetes Jenkins• Web service front-end development- Data-centered patient network service - Development of ‘Ontol’ and ‘Dr. Ontol’ web and mobile servicesㆍOptimization of user experience through GUI development of our products ㆍProduction of dashboard and administrator page ㆍProduction of installation and maintenance page ㆍProduction of order and payment WEB page• Development of a service web client for Mildang students We develop a web client that students, who are the main users, use for learning. It is mainly used through mobile apps and is being developed as a web app. • Admin Learning Content Management Manager Back-Office Web Client Development Develops back-office websites used by teams responsible for creating and managing learning content within the company. Develop a back-office website used by the team that provides personalized student learning within the company. We develop an admin website necessary for other operations. • Mildang service design system development Mildang front-end is a monorepo, and all Mildang web clients use this design system. This is a space where UI components are developed and front-end development is mainly performed.• Balan Mall web/app FE development • Vue.js / Nuxt.js-based web/app service development • Legacy code (EJS + jQuery) migration • Creation and management of promotion pages and special exhibition pages • Based on understanding of planning and design Implement UI results with coding that complies with web standards• Responsible for front-end development of S2W’s flagship product (Quaxar ASM+). *Quasar is a security solution that provides the necessary intelligence so that security personnel at companies and institutions can efficiently manage cyber threat information and respond to threats. *ASM+ is a solution that helps security managers at companies and institutions identify, monitor, and manage vulnerabilities and threat information related to the organization's digital assets or infrastructure. • Develop web pages for external promotion of key products. • Recruitment process - Document screening ＞ Coding test ＞ Job interview ＞ Culture fit interview ＞ Treatment consultation ＞ Final acceptance• B2B web service front-end development that manages and processes data acquired by drones• Seedronics artificial intelligence-based ship/port monitoring web/app service front-end development• Front-end development and operation ※ Selection procedure: Document screening → 1st interview with working staff → 2nd interview with executives → Final acceptance[Development and operation of impact ai frontend] - Develop impaction ai service frontend. - We carry out error-tracking to ensure stable operation of the impaction AI service frontend. - We work with designers to create a design system and structure components so that the value of the product can be quickly and efficiently delivered to customers. [Latest technology PoC and application] - We continuously think about how to ensure that the quality development environment for impaction AI products continues to develop, and in the process, we do not miss out on PoC for the latest technology. - If we expect that the latest technology will bring us a beneficial direction, we actively proceed with PoC and apply it.• Frontend development• Maintenance of Svelte-based B2C e-commerce operation service • React-based new community web development • Service code optimization and performance improvement • Language used: React.js Next.js React Query TypeScript Svelte- Selection document screening - 1st interview - 2nd interview• Front-end development and project management- Technology stack: React TypeScript Next.js Recoil - Front-end design and development for content-based services - Content exhibition area operation and improvement work - Application of new technologies required for the Olive Young platform• Development/deployment of web/app front-end related to blockchain services• Front-end design considering Crea Trip product and business purpose • Crea Trip product front-end technical leading (responsive web mobile application administrator) • Research and development of in-house platform and CRM system for Crea Trip operation and management (payment reservation logistics discount system) etc)• Develop a screen where users can obtain information necessary for financial investment. • Develop interfaces to provide users with an optimized investment and asset management experience.• Front-end development of Dipping Source’s data labeling system • Front-end development of Dipping Source’s product setting solutionFrontend Engineer's first goal is to develop an integrated dashboard, one of the core elements of AI solutions. - In addition, we will also develop back-office screens such as related platforms in line with the development of the MLOps pipeline to help data scientists' efficient research cycle. - Develop and maintain our own solution products. - Develop and maintain the back office, including the company's Fullstack MLOps platform. - Responsible for developing and distributing web frontend based on JavaScript (ES6) and React. - Develop and deploy a BFF or REST server using a Node-based (backend) web framework. - Develop markup for server rendering and client rendering. - Consider and apply UI/UX improvements for users. - Multiple front-end developers continuously refactor into **collaborative code**. - To optimize overall system performance, we continuously perform API call minimization/rendering optimization/bundling optimization.ㆍDevelopment and management of web applications that run on browsers or mobile using React Svelte Typescript ㆍDevelopment and management of auth database analytics and storage using Firebase ㆍIntegration into our system using APIs of various other services ㆍDevelopment of programs that run on POS machines and kiosks and management ㆍOnline ordering platform/shopping mall development and management ㆍReact Native application development and management• Perform IT solution (IBIS Plus) project for shipping companies • Perform front-end-focused development work • Number of tasks according to Agile methodology[Main tasks] 1. Create a function that can configure key analysis indicators for customer analysis. (Analytics) - You can participate in planning/development to create a screen that allows you to freely construct analysis reports and dashboards based on user-linked behavior and profile data. 2. Use Audience Studio to create a function to freely create groups for your audience. (Customer Data) - Create an interactive diagram to easily create your audience and create a basis for customer analysis and scenarios. 3. Create a screen where you can run a scenario-based personalized campaign for each customer. (Growth Action) - We create a screen where users can set up push in-app messages for operation, and we also create a tool that allows them to set up personalized messages. - In addition, there is a function that allows customers to configure scenarios directly through interactive diagrams and display messages based on specific actions. 4. Create functions for integrating and managing fragmented data within the company. (Data House) - We create a tool that allows customers to upload their own data or update it according to a scheduler and use analysis tools to view app data + uploaded data at a glance. 5. Create a function that collects and analyzes audience data based on machine learning to enable optimal target advertising execution. (ATD) - By leveraging abundant user data, you can expand your audience to suit user needs. - You can predict advertising efficiency by using your own and competitor analysis and machine learning. - We collect and analyze data on various advertising products executed by users to provide various insights and customized automated reports. In addition to the above, we create or maintain all features currently in service! [Technology stack] - Development language - Front end: Vue Vuex Typescript sass - Back end: C# (.Net Core 3.x) PHP - Development tool: General purpose (Jetbrains License provided) IDE (regardless (Visual Studio provided)) Operating system (regardless) - Configuration management: Git - Deployment environment: AWS Cloud Service - Interdepartmental collaboration tool: Slack - Common document tool: Notion - Planning tool: Figma - Whiteboard tool: FigJam [Preferred talent] - Derive various exception cases and solve problems - Those who actively communicate for the sake of - Those who enjoy collaborating with colleagues - Those who write with consideration for maintainability and readability of code - Those who have a strong interest in technology and can share what they have learned with others - Critical situations - Those with experience managing technical debt in a way that helps the business - Those with the ability to clearly communicate their arguments to shorten meeting times [Personal growth potential] - You can acquire knowledge in various fields in the data tech industry. - You can gain experience collaborating with various job groups such as PM designers, backend developers, and marketers. - You have the opportunity to have your personal ideas reflected in the service.• Development of new features for Topping App based on React Native • Improvement of Topping Web and Topping App • Development of new projects related to React-based Korean education and LMS[Main tasks and vision] - Develop the Bling web service front-end. - Operates and develops the Bling web service platform. - Responsible for designing new features of Bling and modeling data. - Develop subscription payment process and authentication process. ＜Recruitment Selection＞ • Document screening / Assignment screening (implementation task) / Interview / Treatment consultation / Final acceptance• Develop high-quality FE using TypeScript • Collaborate with team members to develop the application • Test and debug the application • Release and maintain the application• Amy Service Web & App Front-End Development • Amy Admin (Back Office) Web Front-End Development[Main tasks]: We are currently developing the commercialization of a payment service using ‘palm vein information’. We separately produce the HW used for payment services in collaboration with a partner manufacturing company, and develop a service consisting of a PWA and relay server that runs based on SW that includes the OS mounted on the HW. : Therefore, we are looking for a developer with capabilities in web front development to work with us on this task. : Because it is a job that involves solving uncommon and challenging problems, we hope that those who gain a sense of accomplishment through the difficult process and want to grow together with the company will apply, and the company also wants to share in the results of growth and achieve the same. : Please indicate your desired salary and desired stock options in the application form. If you work with us, we will not hesitate to meet your demands. : We prefer people who are interested in new simple payments and fields that utilize them and are not hesitant to learn and take on challenges even in unfamiliar fields. [Recruitment period and number of employees]: Until ASAP recruitment: Minimum of 2 people, maximum of 12 people [Application and evaluation method]: A free-form self-introduction that includes a career introduction focusing on work experience is required! When describing your experience, please only include work experience relevant to the position. !! Please indicate your desired salary and desired stock options in your application. If you work with us, we will not hesitate to meet your demands. !!! For new or experienced recruits, there is a 3-month 'first working period' (we call it the FC (Foundation Course) period), and conditions such as salary are the same during this period. : Document screening, non-face-to-face interview (coding test), and face-to-face interview (may change depending on the applicant)• Home Training App Service - frontend work • Home Training Admin Service - frontend work • Homepage and other frontend work• React/Next-based web front-end development• React component development and cross-browser scripting and markup production that complies with web standards • Improvement work and test code creation to stabilize services • Collaborate with colleagues and provide opinions in various ways, such as code reviews, contributing to the growth of the entire team- We implement the various needs of users who use the Cupist service with functions that reflect excellent UI/UX. - Develop various user management and monitoring tools for service management. - Continuously develop the React development environment and level within and outside of the project.Frontend development, distribution and operation of new 3rd generation blockchain-based projectsThe responsibilities are as follows. • I will be in charge of web service development at iPageOn. • We carry out EMS (OAM) development work.•Advancement of recruitment platform service (APP front-end part) •Improvement of UI&UX •Introduction and customization of APIMain tasks * Web application design and development 1. Real-time facility status monitoring screen 2. Statistics dashboard screen such as production status and operation status * SaaS admin site design and development 1. Workspace management / menu management 2. Facility management / parts management 3. User Management / Billing Management Solution Team Introduction - This team consists of a product manager, designer, front-end, and back-end. - The main technologies used are React.js GraphQL Apollo CRA. - Establish OKR every quarter, check progress every week, and align with team goals. - I actively use Jira Confluence slack as a collaboration tool.[Main tasks] • Admin page development • Event page development • Development of new features for apps in service • Management and improvement of performance and bug issues • All tasks related to other app services, such as participation in app planning and new app development [Selection procedure] Document screening - Assignment selection - Interview - Final acceptance• We are working on a project based on React. • We develop and operate existing web services (Jquery/HTML/CSS) together. • Improve code performance and quality for user convenience.• Development and maintenance of our own solutions / mobile web app front-end• Flexity web service front-end development and team lead • Development environment: React.js-based project • Technologies and libraries used: React Typescript redux react-query three.js styled-components, etc. • AWS: S3 CloudFront• Front-end development• Webview-based mobile web development within the Elton app • Elton back office (administrator) web development • Front-end structure design and proposal • Front-end code review [Main technologies] • TypeScript • React • ReactJS• DBpia/KRpia service web publishing and front development • Front-end technical leading (responsive web mobile application, etc.)• Development of services and products using AI • Development of solutions such as MLOps LLM Ops • Development of AI competition platform Frontend • Development of Frontend/Back office using SPA such as Vue.js• Web front-end (SPA application) development - Development using Front-End framework (React TypeScript Vue.js, etc.)• Establishment of new web service for 300,000 users (member login manager common platform API) and maintenance • Construction of our own web service (member login manager payment) and maintenanceCSS modification and editing cafe 24-based homepage production within I'm Web solution• Tappytoon service web/app design and development • Tappytoon design system development and management • Front-end common library design and development ＜Technology stack＞ • React Native / React / Next.js / React Native For Web • TypeScript / React Navigation / Redux / Redux Saga • Fountain-UI (Tappytoon Design System) • Firebase / Sentry / Storybook / Lerna • JIRA / Notion / Slack / Figma• Develop and upgrade our own solutions • Build and operate solution-based shopping products • Develop components and common libraries• Web front-end development of generative AI service using React + Landing page web publishing using React + Cross-platform app development using React Native• Development of back-office partner-related linked system control system • Development of company homepage • Development of services related to serving robots• Front-end development of Romin products on-premise / Cloud, etc. • Front-end development and management of company websites, promotional websites, demo websites, etc. • Front-end planning/design/development of Romin products, etc. from a long-term perspective Management - Collaboration with multiple teams, including planning, design, development and operation - Review of application of technology stack and implementation method suitable for Romin solutions, design development and management▷ Ollim’s front-end crew uses this technology stack. - Language: Typescript javascript ES6 - Framework: VueJS ReactJS - HTML CSS (Sass Styled Component Vuetify TailwindCSS) - VCS: Github ▷ Olimcrew is part of this development culture. - Code review through Github PR - Daily scrum - Post mortem after service deployment - New technology PoC [Let's do this together] • Front-end common development environment and library configuration • 3D core library construction using WebGL and real-time player development • 3D Establishment and operation of Elifex, a real-time content-based metaverse virtual space platform • R&D to expand service functions- Realbuy web service development - Hybrid app development using cross-platform frameworks (React Native Flutter, etc.)[Wort Intelligence Development Team - Introduction to the front part] - The front-end part is part of the development team and collaborates with the back-end data part - The front-end part works to provide a better user experience to users who use the service - A better In the process of carrying out a project for user experience, we are thinking about user scenarios and UI/UX - We are discussing through code reviews for better development [Work to be done together] - Keywort service, the main service, and other services We are doing maintenance - Visualization, downloads in various forms, various view modes for user convenience, and we are creating various types of functions together, such as a highlight function that allows users to mark key keywords - Actively participating in new services based on user needs. - Javascript is the core technology and we are trying to develop reusable components using React - We are in the process of redeveloping legacy code and are thinking together about applying appropriate technology and design patterns.• Front-end development of Adot’s new AI platform • Development and maintenance of Adot student learning web application • Front-end development of various services to support AI convergence room’s own solution development work and AI work • Latest web development technology Implement user-friendly UI/UX by utilizing standards and standards • Perform development considering front-end performance optimization and cross-browsing• ‘Artificial intelligence-based decision support system’ front-end development • ‘Satellite information service platform’ front-end development • ‘Satellite ground system’ front-end development• Home Training App Service - frontend work • Home Training Admin Service - frontend work • Homepage and other frontend work• React React Native-based system development and management [Main technologies] • JavaScript / TypeScript • React Native • Code Push [Team composition] • Product team of 6 people • 2 frontend, 2 backend, 1 planner, 1 ui/ux designer [Recruitment Procedure] • Document screening: Technical interview - final acceptance • Documents to be submitted: Free-form Korean resume (PDF) • Work type: Full-time employee (3-month probationary period) • Work area: 40-9 Hangang-ro 3-ga, Yongsan-gu, Seoul• Research and development of our own CRM service & multi-platform • Conduct research and development projects and projects within the company’s affiliated research instituteㆍDevelopment and management of web applications that run on browsers or mobile devices using React Typescript ㆍDevelopment and management of auth database analytics and storage using Firebase ㆍIntegration into our system using APIs of various other services ㆍDevelopment of programs that run on POS machines and kiosks Management ㆍOnline ordering platform/shopping mall development and management ㆍReact Native application development and management**There are three main areas of food, clothing, and shelter Company's development products** 1. Laundrygo app & backend system for Laundrygo service users • We develop Laundrygo apps. Through the Laundrygo app, you can entrust your laundry and see it delivered after washing. • Develop and advance Laundrygo vouchers and payments. • The Laundrygo app has a product store. Develop the ability to display and purchase products. (Commerce) • Develop a back-office system for Laundry service managers. It manages content within the app and provides user promotion management and product management functions. 2. Laundry automation through smart factory system • Laundrygo is developing the world’s largest factory system. • You can experience the logistics system. We develop an automated system used in the entire process, including laundry collection and transportation, laundry receipt processing and inspection process, laundry delivery processing process, and laundry delivery and transportation. • The smart factory has more than 1000 Raspberry Pis and collects and processes data through IoT. • Use AI technology to make smart factories smarter. Smart factories aim for the highest level of automation. • We collect various data from users. Data is generated not only by users but also within the smart factory. Based on this data, the smart factory continuously improves automation efficiency. • Lundrygo is focused on DataPlay. 3. Development of Wellness & Eco-Friendly Lifestyle Commerce Service • <Wellness & Eco-Friendly Lifestyle Commerce>, a new business of Clothing, Clothing and Housing Company, focuses on individual health and happiness while maintaining balance with the environment and pursuing a sustainable lifestyle. This is a commerce platform for • We pursue sustainable production and distribution of products by considering environmental impacts not only when selling products, but also during production and delivery. • Through this, consumers can achieve personal happiness, practice sustainable consumption, and participate in efforts for a better future.• Dashboard front development • React-based component development • Munpia platform UI/UX maintenance and improvement • Front-end technology research and introduction sharing- Front-end development based on Vue.js - Development and maintenance of our own solution functions - Development and testing of new services The selection process consists of 1st interview (practical) -> 2nd interview (culture fit) interview.• Posteller application/web service development • Content creation platform development • Service data analysis- Implementation and maintenance of our own web service - Design and development of organic web and mobile services• We are responsible for the growth of the front end of Nemo, the number one commercial/office company. • Improve the mobile app development experience with the goal of seamless user experience. • Design and stably operate the environment where the Nemo app service is deployed. • Shorten development cycles and automate common tasks to increase front-end development productivity. • Analyze the performance of the Nemo app service and study to demonstrate high usability on a wide range of devices.• Location information/safety management/logistics management BtoB service platform front-end development • Statistics and monitoring front-end development • Development lead and code analysis as a front-end lead developer.• Development of Dr. Vice front-end, a digital treatment support platform• Development of video consultation web service based on WebRTC technology • Development of WAS (Web Application Server) application based on Node.js • Development of front-end architectureHandly front-end developers are one of the core roles of the service. We provide customers with a higher user experience by communicating with planners and designers, participating in decision-making, and creating UI that allows for new and interesting experiences. - Handly maintenance and advancement - Service creation in collaboration with planners and designers- Development of web real-time rendering module for multiple objects including logistics robots - Development of real-time logistics robot monitoring and reporting Visual Component - Development of Dime public Web UI Component Library- We are implementing and maintaining new and legacy functions of the USIM front-end service. - We are developing and implementing front-end services for business divisions that will be expanded in the future. - To provide the best product experience, we provide and review technically optimal solutions when developing services.[Main tasks] • Operation and advancement of existing services • Development of new services • Development and advancement of company and service websites [Selection process] ** Upon application, submission of a portfolio or career description focusing on the projects and work technology stacks experienced is required • Technology and Personality interview (1 hour with the CTO) 1) Self-introduction (within 1 minute): Please introduce yourself by choosing the adjective that best describes you. 2) Technology introduction (within 5 minutes): Please introduce yourself by focusing on the tasks you were responsible for and the technology you used in major projects you experienced. 3) Q&A 01 (within 30 minutes): In-depth, technical Q&A based on the submitted documents and what you said during your introduction 4) Q&A 02 (within 10 minutes): A few questions to ask to know what kind of person you are. There is this. 5) Q&A 03 (within 15 minutes): Ask us any questions you want. We will answer sincerely and honestly. • Results will be announced within a week after the interview.Unique Good Company’s product department is working together as one to make Real World the world’s best experience platform. The platform team within the product office creates and manages an authoring environment using Real World Studio so that Real World can function as a platform and create new value as a SaaS solution for experience marketing. The player team is a cross-funtional organization comprised of planners, designers, and developers. Based on our understanding of the core values ​​of real world services, we are developing and improving products that can solve customer problems. Separate from the team, all front-end engineers within Unique Good Company belong to one chapter. It consists of a total of 5 people and we are developing through technical communication with each other. It is a close-knit chapter that holds chapter meetings once a week to understand each other's situations, shares work and code through business PR sessions, and even conducts studies together when everyone needs to grow. [Main tasks] - Development of real world next-generation platform and play environment - Development and maintenance of "Real World Studio", a web-based authoring tool that can create real world content - Participation and development in various TFs that require front-end - Real world application internal Web view-based web development and maintenance - Interactive web implementation and development - Creating a better development culture/organizational culture together [Technical system] - React Typescript NextJS Gatsby Emotion yarn berry(PnP) SSR SSG, etc. Appropriate technologies needed to solve business problems Select and use - GitHub - It is used as a configuration management tool and solves various problems including CI CD through various workflows. - OpenAPI swagger - We communicate with back-end engineers based on precise standards and improve the development experience with automatically generated interfaces and APIs rather than looking at and implementing swagger.• The main role of the front developer in the AdPopcorn development team is to develop a console page that allows customers to easily and quickly use the functions provided by the AdPopcorn platform. • In addition to the console, you will also be responsible for building/maintaining various event pages that can help the client company monetize.• Behavior pattern-based spontaneous combustion AI Sooni app/web/control system upgrade and improvement• We are responsible for developing the front-end of our company’s services. • We also work on improving the development environment to reduce deployment time to less than 1 minute. [Main technologies] • React.js Next.js Typescript • Jotai React-Query • scss styled-components Storybook • Webpack Vite Babel Esbuild Turborepo SWC• Develop solution management screens using React and web application development frameworks • Optimize user experience for web screens • Design and develop customer-friendly web applications• Design and develop Doodum’s new pages and features using Next.js React • Adaptive/responsive styling considering various devices • Collaborate with development team members to efficiently improve product performance and quality • Refer to API documentation and The task of downloading server data and showing an appropriate UI to the user.• Client-side development of non-face-to-face interview and recruitment services.- Development of web mobile app response service using React.js - Development and maintenance of our own service Routy SaaS UI/UX - Development and maintenance of our own service Routy API service web page - Back office Web UI/UX development and maintenanceMain tasks ‍ --- - Develop client UI for projects to be operated or launched - Develop products with high usability considering users - Front-end unit management - Establish a one-on-one technology culture and promote member growth• Develop Trudoc’s client. I am using React and Electron. • Develop Trudoc’s design system. [Technology stack]ㆍSI SW development work using industrial autonomous robot system ㆍSPA production using Vue.js ㆍOn-site installation and stabilization• Dipping service and front-end development / React Native-based Dipping mobile app development • Platform function advancement and continuous update management and failure response• Leading front-end new development and modularization work• Support for development of new space-based services • Visualization of space-based data • Processing data transmitted from users and expressing it on a web pageㆍDevelopment and management of web applications that run on browsers or mobile using React Typescript Svelte ㆍDevelopment and management of auth database analytics and storage using Firebase ㆍIntegration into our system using APIs of various other services ㆍDevelopment of programs that run on POS machines and kiosks and management ㆍOnline ordering platform/shopping mall development and management ㆍReact Native application development and management• UI/UX web front-end screen responsive publishing • Build and operate a web-based system according to business requirements • Web application development using React • Web-based design platform development • Service development through data-based decision-making • Form a multi-disciplinary team with a UX designer to achieve a common mission (framework system guide)Main tasks We aim to create products that: Automation of the settlement process: Companies reduce the human resources required during the accounting settlement process as much as possible to minimize the labor required by management to settle the settlement. Accurate measurement of activity-based costs The cost of products, which was previously measured using only production unit costs, is provided by replacing them with activity-based costs that apply indirect costs. Real-time inventory monitoring provides customers with real-time inventory monitoring using RFID system, OCR process, and National Tax Service log data. To launch the above product, we would like to work with people who have the following capabilities. 1. RESTful API integration through close collaboration with backend engineers 2. Maintaining and managing frontend code and UI component libraries 3. Continuous product improvement through user feedback and data analysis 4. User-centered interface and user experience (UX) design Implementation 5. Web application performance optimization and debugging technology stack Typescript React Redux Next.js (SSR ISR) Styled Components Emotion Express ESLint Webpack Jest Playwright AWS Github Mono Repository[Job Description] • Responsible for front-end development of Lo&Company's services (Lotalk Big Case, etc.). • Collaborate with planners, designers and backend engineers. • We implement UI/UX suitable for planning and design using HTML CSS Javascript/Typescript. • Consider browser-level performance and monitor errors. [Development environment] • React Next.js or Angular.js are used depending on the service. • CSS SASS CSS-in-JS Module Styling using CSS. • Use Github Slack Notion Jira. • Do a code review.• Clean energy trading platform Frontend (Web App) development • Platform service planning support• Design of new front-end services related to the Value Map service • Functional improvement and maintenance work- Develop and manage web services for use by blockchain developers and general users.• Development/operation of front-end web applications for major job shopper services such as Hakjong Pro Hakjong Z • UI/UX design/optimization • Participation in planning and development of existing/new service functions • Participation in back-end API design • Support for junior developer work • Failure in case of service failure Analysis/Response • Communication and collaboration with internal/external personnel • Code review/pair programming• Prototype development • API integration• Development of Education Service System / Platform • Development of systems necessary to carry out DT (Digital Transformation) tasks • Performance of DevOps tasks according to service operationDevTools provides decentralized finance/gaming DApps through blockchain-based solutions. We have a vision to solve the ‘usability’ and ‘scalability’ issues that are lacking in the blockchain industry. Based on our self-developed blockchain mainnet, we aim to innovate the industry so that anyone can easily enjoy decentralized financial and gaming services. We are waiting for you to expand the new web3 ecosystem with us. • Collaborate with project team members to research ways to create a better user experience. • Develop our own UI framework and research directions for further development. • Collaborate with back-end developers to design the functionality of the web app.• Desktop application service development (React Typescript Electron graphQL) • Web service development (React Typescript) • Code maintenance and refactoring • CI/CD • Automation management• Web service maintenance and feature development • Web crawling development• Development and maintenance of products and platform services• Manage and lead Codit’s front-end team. • Develop the Code Search web service. • Develop an administrator page for internal use. • Develop a data tagging platform used for artificial intelligence modeling. • Participate in operating and improving stable and efficient services.• JFun Product (Mtect Mtect AI) web/app development • Development of common components/design systems used in JFun web services • Development of systems necessary for customer service and work, such as commerce shopping mall internal management system• Develop a web application that can utilize robot services • Develop a Web UI that can easily install and operate robot services • Develop a UI for environment settings/monitoring/operation result reporting for multi-robot services • Develop a web application for operation of development robots• Front-end development of the solution1) AI solution legacy UI/UX improvement (Django + Bootstrap) 2) AI solution new UI design and development (react-based)[What will you do?] • Service front development and operation • Maintenance/repair of existing services• New development and maintenance of the web front end of Neurofit products • Creation of report templates • Development and maintenance of design systems• Frontend development and maintenance of our own web application • Service backoffice development • PC version web developerWeb service development and maintenance of Sell Up service• Development and operation of the front-end of our own service Flow platform • Design/implementation of major features (API Web FE-View) of new electricity market services • Front-end development using mui Library • Front-end structural design and proposal■ Position Introduction We are recruiting front-end developers with a focus on Afterdoc web services. You will be responsible for developing Vue.js applications and admin pages using the Electron Framework. ① Design and develop application processes and data for functions - Define screen component data structure classes within the application according to the function definition/screen design document - Participate in API design for function implementation and coordinate protocols - Based on the defined contents Develop applications directly - Manage branches by repository for each application ② Work distribution and schedule coordination according to designed content - Define and distribute work to junior team members in the same position or team members in other positions - Implement functions Coordinate schedules with other positions and determine the order of work according to the schedule - Research methods to implement functions, suggest solutions, and prepare alternative plans if impossible ③ Function planning based on requirements analysis - From customers Analyze the received requirements and define the functions - Participate in planning to deliver the relevant functions to customers and complete the plan together ④ QA of the application - Check with team members for issues regarding new/modified functions before deployment - In order to check the relevant changes, we organize and share changes made during development and points that need to be checked. ⑤ Create and manage development-related documents - Review and modify plan-level documents such as screen design documents - Resolve issues or implement functions We review new technologies to do this, organize them, and share them with our team members.- PHP First Mall website front-end development - Collaborating with the design team to improve and develop UI/UX - Maintain web development skills, including browser compatibility and web standards compliance• Web app development • Platform service front-end development• Web front-end development• Acreal’s dental platform web front-end development • Acreal’s dental platform hybrid app front-end development• Implementation of the Seller Canvas function currently under development - When an image of clothing is entered, the image is analyzed and an introduction page (detail page or advertisement video, etc.) for the clothing is automatically created through design and sentence creation, and the user can simply add text and images. Development of tools that enable replacement and editing• Development of settlement manager page • Development of order brokerage solution- Web page front-end development for 3D avatar-related services - Web page front-end development for avatar customization pages and avatar-linked app services - Web page front-end development with React JS / Three JS / Unity - Overall in-house front-end development work• Development of video consultation web service based on WebRTC technology • Development of WAS (Web Application Server) application based on Node.js • Development of front-end architecture• Research/develop web-based client systems such as mobile web PC web using technologies ranging from markup/script language to web-based framework • Develop web client for CMS AR remote support augmented solution platform • Lead and operate project front part[Technology stack] • React native • Typescript • Next.js • MobX • React Query [Main tasks] • [bodyall] Mobile app maintenance using React Native • [bodyall] Performance advancement by app service depth • Facebook SDK optimization • Firebase Integration management and optimization • Admob native advertising optimization • Admin (Web) page enhancement and function developmentWeb front development for Songaree IT new service Hybrid mobile app development for Songaree IT new service• Percentage web service planning and development (we plan and develop together for better services) • Back-office tool development for Percentage (we plan and develop things necessary for productivity) • Front-end structure improvement for productivity (flexibility) and constantly refactoring to ensure robust code)• PMS EA own solution development (front) • Solution design development testing and maintenanceㆍDevelopment/operation of our own CRM ㆍDevelopment/operation of personal information processing system• Typecast front-end development and operation • New feature scheduling and resource management • Management for colleague growth • Smooth collaboration with other teams for product growth • Research and application of better architecture• Develop a front-end that interfaces with a microservice-based back-end. • Think about and visualize UX that can efficiently express energy data to users. • Research and develop front-end technology for an environment that can provide a unified user experience.• SaaS service UI/UX design/development • Website design/development • In-house back office design/development • Collaboration using Git Slack Notion• Develop all front-end interfaces that interact with people in digital services such as web/device applications • Accumulate reusable knowledge assets through component-based development methodology • Perform IT development SI/SM projects and consult with customers•Sophistication and maintenance of question bank-based online English education platform (PC web & hybrid app)Dayoff's FE developers are responsible for developing and operating the FE part of the Dayoff service's web program. # Technology Stack - React Node.js - Next.js - HTML5 CSS - Styled-components - Android IOS Web-APP - Github Jira Notion Slack - REST API - AWS• Design, develop, test and operate Admin and Web Application for financial data relay service based on React TypeScript• Harmony Lab app development (Flutter preferred) • New feature development and improvement • App planning through communication[This is the job you will take on if you join us!] - Development and operation of our web application screens• Development and operation of web view within Kuda rental app • Development and operation of installment payment hybrid app • Development and operation of installment payment back office • Development of installment payment system• New service design and development • New platform design and developmentThe Wello development team is currently working on porting the Vue Nuxt-based Front End development environment to React Next (WEB) and React Native (Hybrid App). Accordingly, we are recruiting a senior-level frontend developer who will lead the transition of the development environment to React.• Develop the Code Search web service. • Develop an administrator page for internal use. • Develop a data tagging platform used for artificial intelligence modeling. • Participate in operating and improving stable and efficient services.• VCAT SaaS front-end development (web front) • Web service development using React-based SPA framework • Collaboration with design back-end product development staff• Develop web frontends such as Typescript React Node.js. • Design new modules and develop core logic. • We regularly review team members’ code to create a solid and complete product. • Discuss planning with PM/PO, organize requirements, and calculate development man-hours. • Assign appropriate tasks to each team member based on the calculated man-hours.• Autowiny's own platform front-end development and operation • Transition from existing JSP to SPA framework ＜ Entire technology stack ＞ - Front-end: React ReactJS Redux Sass - Back-end: Java Spring 5.x Springboot - Infrastructure: IDC AWS - App: Kotlin Swift - Database: Oracle 19c MySQL Redis - Search: Elastic Search - Collaboration: Git Bitbucket Jira Figma• Development and operation of React-based web/mobile web services • Development and operation of Chrome extension service • Communication with blockchain wallet extension■ Job Duties ■ - Front-end lead developer - Web development of Aha service using React and Next.js - App development of Aha service using React-Native Scheduled to switch to React and Next.js-based web view within the year - Performance and bug issue management - Continuous structural code improvement to increase productivity - Other service-related work, such as participation and development of new service planning ■ Technology & people leadership work ■ • Clearly explain technical possibilities and limitations to chapter members and provide guidance • To solve technical challenges Implement services with perfect designs through continuous study • Contribute to development productivity, including low latency in build time • Strive to make the company's engineering work faster and more accurately through smooth communication with each chapter • Create an efficient development environment for productive development Create an environment where you can concentrate • Leading and managing the technical growth of chapter members ■ Authority ■ • Through healthy consultation with the CTO, you can choose everything, including the front-end technology architecture code convention to be used in the Aha community, entirely under your own authority. • Authorization for hiring, R&R settings, etc. for front-end organization members necessary for the growth of the Aha community.[Front-End] • Development of digital marketing automation platform • Development of internal components and implementation of business requirements • Improvement of development environment to increase productivity • Planning and execution of short term (4-8 week cycle) development project • Meeting user/business requirements Developed based on understanding • Present and progress product improvement direction through continuous monitoring • Establish and improve quick response and treatment plan when a failure occurs• Front-end development of overseas remittance and payment service (Scentbiz) for global companies• Web application development using JAVA • Performance and bug issue management and improvement • Work related to app services, such as app planning participation and new app development ＜Interview Procedure＞ • Document screening • Notification of document acceptance within 24 hours • Face-to-face interview – 2: 1 Interview (representative worker) / Conducted for 20 minutes focusing on personality and practical skills / Transportation expenses paid • Final result information – Notification required within 48 hours for rejectionWe develop web-based energy-related services to provide users with a good experience. We mainly use Vue.js, and this includes building a DevOps environment to increase development productivity or building a design system to develop components for efficient use in multiple projects. [Job content] - Front-end team leader/senior role for energy sector IT services and new/existing services - Develop web services using Vue.js - Continuous refactoring into well-maintainable code - Optimize client performance Application of methodology - The task of standardizing and systematizing UI elements (component organization) - Establishment of systems such as TDS (Toss Design System) and JUI (Jeniffer UI Library)• Front-end architecture design and implementation • Web service development and operation • Outsourced front-end development managementㆍAll content related to the front-end part of our service - We develop a new webview app. - We will develop a web page linked to our services in the future. - Collaborate with the development team to create high-quality products.Developed a new React-based service (LLM chatbot) and improved the functionality of our existing service (MLOps LMS)- Front-end Engineering Chapter Management: 1-on-1 chapter meetings, etc. - Assigned to one of the squads below for development - Development and operation of license marketplace Solvook - Publisher platform front-end development - Admin Back office front-end development - Development of Studio, a data editing platform - Development of Note to support PDF viewer & note-taking and other tools - Development of copyright damage management service Among the above, we will assign the most suitable team (squad) to the applicant. If there is any work or service you want, we will actively reflect it.- Web-based no-code tool development - admin development for customer and internal management - Dashboard development for operations [Skills and core competencies] - High understanding and experience of HTML5 CSS3 JavaScript - Experience in Javascript static type analysis through Typescript - React and React High understanding and experience with Hooks• IOT terminal control web service development • React-based frontend development• Front admin development of commerce services- ERP logistics system function development advancement work - Legacy refactoring performance improvementThe tasks of our company's front-end developers are as follows. The first is the development of an admin site for a digital dementia diagnosis and treatment program. A page that manages patient registration and medical information is also created as a result analysis report page after inspection. We are also creating an administrator page with the ability to check patient progress and provide training programs. The second is the development of an admin site for a medical image-based dementia diagnosis and analysis server. The analysis results of medical images such as MRI diagnosed through machine learning-based analysis algorithms are created into a medical reporting page.[Recruitment Division] • R&D integrated solution development [Responsibilities] Provide optimal UX (user experience) to easily and conveniently use and efficiently manage R&D resources. • Web-based R&D integrated solution development • Self-developed solution maintenance - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -We carry out front-end development work for the company's token securities service platform that is currently being prepared. • Effective user interface (UI) design and development • Improved platform usability through user experience (UX) improvement • Establishment of design system and development and management of components• Front-end development work for our Adeep SNS social media platform service • Development of services required for global platforms• Developing an admin dashboard platform for asset management • Establishing an operation and testing system to provide stable and continuous services• Building a homepage and LMS front-end • Using Next.js (React.js) • Graphql API integration • QA and testing in progress□ We grow together by doing these things. • Mobile app development • Service advancement work through collaboration with various job groups such as PO product designer, front developer, back-end developer, etc. • Improvement of performance quality issues for user convenience • Introduction of new technology for better service Various attempts such as structure improvement, performance optimization, etc. □ The hiring process is not difficult. [Document screening] - [Pre-assignment] - [Interview screening (1st/2nd)] - [Treatment consultation] - [Final pass] The focus is on technical interviews, and the second interview is a process in which applicants ask questions about Candy and check each other's fit. ※ Official employment may be decided after a three-month probationary period.• MLOps platform UI/UX development work• I work on creating a responsive website for online loan comparison and brokerage. • I work on creating a website that provides new financial services based on my data. • I work on creating an operational tool that can operate a back-end system linked to more than 100 financial institutions. • I work on creating an integrated dashboard that allows you to see service indicators at a glance. • I work on creating web UI components with a design system applied. • I research technologies that can provide the best user experience on the web.• Develop the entire web service using React TypeScript Next.js, etc. • Manage and execute new projects. • Operate and improve existing services.• Develop MVP of Offerwall advertising system and continuously operate and upgrade it • Establish NBT commerce front-end and admin • Platformize and expand various functions of AD network (SSP DSP Ad Exchange, etc.) • Integrated advertising operation and reporting for advertisers/media companies System development • Prototype implementation of new advertising type• Self-developed solution service and administrator front-end development • Service distribution (preparing to distribute app using Ionic framework) • System integration business• Development and operation of digital marketing automation platform Lever Expert • Development of internal components and implementation of business requirements • Guaranteeing SW quality through test automation • Code review and code improvement • Improvement of development environment to increase productivity • Automation of repetitive deployment tasks- Front-end development of virtual asset exchange and related services• Front-end development of our service (Fancy Wallet) • Front-end development of a new project • Code modularization and code refactoring1. This is how Maysa Frontend Engineers (FE) work! - Through discussion with the PO, identify what needs to be developed and present opinions - When the designer shares the draft plan, the engineer provides feedback on planning and development issues - Development is carried out by discussing detailed functional details between the people in charge - The content that has been developed is reviewed by the same cell's functional staff and the work is completed - The features that have been developed and reviewed are distributed every Thursday. 2. If you join, we will do this together! - I mainly work on front-end function development and maintenance of the Meissa Platform, a web-based drone data solution. - We develop functions that can improve customer work efficiency by combining and displaying various data on 2D/3D maps. - Develop functions to upload, visualize, and manage files of large size and various formats within the platform. - We continuously think about improving user experience and collaborate with PO designers. - Manage the service code and increase product stability.• Develop therapeutics to achieve the purpose of treatment/diagnosis based on the scientific basis of digital therapeutics • Develop digital therapeutics web client and management web client • Develop data analysis/processing library in collaboration with AI research team • Operate digital therapeutics services• Development and maintenance of web-based document management and collaboration system【 This is what I do 】 Leading the successful operation of front-end training programs. 1. Set the direction of the educational program. We ensure that the overall process from a to z, from training program opening/approval to training and operation, to employment, is carried out well. Provides detailed training program direction and milestones and motivates unit members participating in the program to achieve them well. 2. Streamline training operations. Improvements to operations are derived based on student VOC and data collected by community managers. And we play a leading role in improving processes through consultation with team members and create good training programs. 3. Responsible for the quality of the overall process, including mentoring. We are responsible for the overall quality of the educational program, including recruiting mentors and special lecturers, maintaining high-quality mentoring, and planning detailed events/programs for students. If we believe there is a quality issue, we immediately communicate with the members in charge of each part to resolve the problem and ensure that high-quality training is provided. 【Working in a team like this】 The Boot Camp Division is the team responsible for leading the growth of Codeit’s boot camp business. To ensure that Code It Boot Camp students start their careers successfully, we provide support in many ways and manage the boot camp to run smoothly. Code It Boot Camp not only provides premium quality educational content, but also has established several close management programs such as Daily/Weekly Mission and various project code review mentoring. In the future, Codeit plans to operate a variety of bootcamps, starting with the front-end engineer bootcamp, back-end engineer data science/AI product management, UI/UX design, marketing, and entrepreneurship. We work with people who are sincere in designing an exciting journey to achieve their employment goals by providing quality educational content and a great boot camp experience. Code It Boot Camp focuses on four main goals: • Admissions: Responsible for the overall process from promotion to acceptance to recruit boot camp students. • Education: To provide quality education, we think about good educational content and create daily/weekly missions and projects. • Career: We provide employment support to students so that they can have a successful career after completing the boot camp. • Administration: Responsible for various administrative and general affairs tasks that occur during the boot camp operation process. ‘Education PM’ aims at education along with ‘Community Manager’, ‘Curriculum Manager’, and ‘Education Mentor’. We communicate closely with students and manage operational aspects to ensure a better educational experience at Code It Boot Camp.This role is to provide customers with the most attractive UX and build Ridi’s unique service that makes them want to keep visiting. We develop the front-end of various Ridi services that customers can experience most closely, such as Ridi Bookstore, Ridi Select, My Library e-book/webtoon/web novel content viewer, etc. We ask for your interest and support as we work together to grow and create a service that can provide the best reading experience to our customers. • Web service frontend development in Ridi • Web mobile and desktop client development based on React [Technology Stack] • Typescript React Next.js (SSR ISR) Emotion Express • Rest API GraphQL • ESLint Webpack Jest Playwright • AWS Github Mono Repository• Admin web development for Wine Route sellers • Wine Route new back office web development• ReactJs Electron-based web front and desktop app SquidShell front-end development • SquidShell web page and billing service development • SquidShell web front page and Electron-based desktop app development • Collaboration with designers and back-end developersㆍClient part leading ㆍDevelopment of new WithSign features ㆍImprovement of WithSign usability and performance• PC and mobile front-end development and maintenance work • Data collection and organization using web logs • UI improvement and standardization work • UI development considering web accessibility • Implementation of dynamic elements using javascript jQuery• Logistics business platform web front-end development• MAXST common design system development • MAXVERSE Passport/Profile service UI development • MAXVERSE Console/Document/Forum service UI development • MAXVERSE CMS/Map authoring-related service UI development • MAXVERSE administrator UI/client SDK (Passport/Media) development• Establishment and overall operation of Zimsa's customer partner web/app service • Creating a work atmosphere that prioritizes team growth and trust • Thinking together and solving technical problems of team members• Develop responsive web apps • Write code that complies with ES8+ standards • Implement stable functionality based on tests • UX design• Frontend Development Team Part LeaderㆍDevelopment of our own mobile app using React Native ㆍManagement and improvement of performance and bug issues ㆍWork related to other app services such as participation in app planning and new app development• Groovy service front-end development using React.js Next.js Node.js * Technology stack and tools - react.js next.js javascript typescript git aws figma IntelliJ vscode Jira Confluence• Web front-end development • Development and operation of major web services serviced by Bflysoft (B2B B2C) • Development and operation of customer and partnership business management tools• Development of new features of Pick&Pick service (mobile UI/UX web) • Development of administrator page/system (dashboard) of Pick&Pick service • Production of API of Pick&Pick service • Maintenance of Pick&Pick service- Project progress based on TypeScript + Vuejs - Development of iParking back office service• Development/operation of front-end web applications for major job shopper services such as Hakjong Pro Hakjong Z • UI/UX design/optimization • Review of new introduction technologies • Proactive participation in planning and development of existing/new service functions • Team lead/task management • Internal/external Communication and collaboration with people in charge • Code review and pair programming• We develop and operate services for IP protection and management of numerous global brand companies. • We develop and operate a B2C service that registers customers’ patents. • Develop and manage admin pages for each service • Design and develop new services to protect and manage IP (brand and content) for global companies and monetize them.• Develop AI content creation platform • Develop web publishing and first-party services • Develop using Angular Framework • Operate services using AWS• Responsible for front-end development of ad tech solution console • Development and maintenance of advertising SDK for web• Development and advancement of university portal system and related service front-end parts • Development and advancement of edutech service front-end parts• Development and update of new features of Four Greet’s main service (UX heatmap Journey Map) • Development of Four Greet’s domestic and international marketing/event pages • Development of back office functionso Argos service frontend design and implementation o UI/UX development and maintenance o SPA development and operation• Establishment of development strategy for healthcare service app, selection of architecture design technical elements • Laying the foundation for front-end development on the platform • Design and development of web front-end UI/UX considering service scalability, stability and completeness • Response, including web view of service type web developmentLet me first introduce SlogUp’s development culture. At Sloggers, all members, including PM designers and developers, define and design products as a team with the mindset of ‘responding to uncertain hypotheses and risks at the beginning rather than at the end.’ Product engineers are responsible for the following tasks: - Understand why the products and functions being developed are being developed - Participate from the idea stage and suggest creative and efficient directions - Present ways to achieve maximum effectiveness with minimal development - Collaborate with PM product designers to focus on functionality rather than function implementation Solve problems - Build prototypes very quickly during the hypothesis verification stage - Develop proven goals into efficient and scalable designs - Continuously learn technology and flexibly apply it to products by considering business aspects - High trust Schedule estimation capability to make level commitmentsHiritSoft front-end developers carry out overall front-end development work for the ‘Mader’ service. I am in charge of website development based on vue.js.[What will you do?] • Service front development and operation • Maintenance/repair of existing services• Responsible for the development and operation of Kfriday services. • Technology stack: HTML CSS React JS Vite JS Typescript•Development with ownership of overall B2BC math flat service and overall system front-end development •Part goal/schedule/scrum management and technical direction presentation and decision making •Continuous refactoring into code that is easy to maintain and manage (high-quality codebase) Construction) • Support technical growth of junior developers • Realize high efficiency and customer value by collaborating closely with the Product Team• Client programming • UI system design and UI content implementation • Tool design and implementation• Front-end and WebGL development work • Web-specific 3D software development • Web 3D application speed and performance optimization• Development of various web services of M2Cloud service • Maintenance/repair/management of operating services• Customer/service-oriented front-end design and development • Develop web service using React-based SPA framework * Experience using TypeScript • Develop front-end service for AI pub platform users • Business requirements and screens in MSA environment Design of a front-end optimized for configuration • Basic understanding of HTTP communication Design or development of REST API • Maintain code quality through code reviews and promote team competency strengthening and growth • Collaboration through version control systems such as Git• Driving teacher app web front-end development • Admin tool (ERP) front-end development for schools Main technologies • Typescript • React Next.js • Recoil React-Query • Tailwind-css Framer-motion scss • Firebase Algolia • Sentry Vercel • git pnpm turborepo- Web and application service development and operation - ESL server integrated management solution front development - ESL server linkage solution developmentFathers Lab front-end developmentThis is what the front-end team is doing. - Develop the My Music Taste platform and back office for operation. - In order to quickly and reliably deliver content to music fans around the world with different network conditions and devices in use, we are constantly improving by looking at everything from browser optimization to the front-end infrastructure environment. - We are thinking about creating a frontend framework that can improve the productivity of our developers and realize business quickly and flexibly, and we are currently preparing to transition to the next version of the framework. - We are creating a design system to provide users with a consistent user experience, fully express the designer's intentions, and provide intuitive DX to developers. - We are creating various testing environments and performance monitoring environments to continuously provide a good user experience and quickly discover problems.• Flutter app development and mobile web maintenance[Job Description] • Responsible for front-end development of Lo&Company's services (Lotalk Big Case, etc.). • Improve your development environment to increase productivity. • Collaborate with planners, designers and backend engineers. • We implement UI/UX suitable for planning and design using HTML CSS Javascript/Typescript. • Consider browser-level performance and monitor errors. [Development environment] • React Next.js or Angular.js are used depending on the service. • CSS SASS CSS-in-JS Module Styling using CSS. • Use Github Slack Notion Jira. • Do a code review.• Location information/safety management/logistics management BtoB service platform front-end development • Statistics and monitoring front-end development • Development lead and code analysis as a front-end lead developer.ㆍCreate a prototype to suit requirements ㆍImprove and renew our platform design ㆍUse HTML CSS javascript• Lead the Blooming Beat web/app front-end development part • As a senior, guide non-development tasks and actively communicate and collaborate closely with PM designers and back-end engineers • Use Jira to manage schedules and track issues • Members Participate in practical development withGDAC Exchange is the 4th largest corporate trading virtual asset exchange in Korea. This year, we are set for even greater growth by securing real name authentication accounts at banks. This position will be responsible for leading the development of the front end of the GDAC service and the app being developed using React Native. - In charge of GDAC exchange and other service front-end development - Exchange app development/maintenance/repair being developed in React Native• Develop all internal/external services that are linked to Payhere users. • Develop apps/web services using React or React Native. • We improve and optimize usability with the goal of providing a better user experience. • Develop and improve common components across front-end services. • Improve your development environment to increase productivity.• Development and maintenance of various features of monthly installment e-learning/community services • Development and maintenance of back office used by monthly installment members • Improvement of technical productivity through technical debt analysis and problem solving • Development schedule management and team management • Technology stack - frame Work: Vue3 (Nuxt3) - Language: HTML CSS Javascript (TypeScript) - State management: Pinia Vuex - Style: SCSS Tailwind - Convention: EsLint PrettierFront desk operation (check-in/out duties, Jeju eastern region travel information, etc.)requirement• Front-end: 4+ years of experience • Back-end: 3+ years of experience• Those with an understanding of TypeScript React and experience developing websites using it • Those with a deep understanding of JavaScript, CSS, and HTML • Those with an understanding and interest in UI/UX • Those familiar with Git version management • Duties A person who can understand and organize requirements through smooth communication with relevant stakeholders• Education: College graduate or higher • Department: Computer systems engineering major • Experience: 5 years or more • Intermediate developer or higherBack-end developer qualifications - Anyone who has implemented a service with Java Spring Boot + JSP implemented in the MVC pattern or has worked in the relevant environment - Those who have knowledge of HTML markup CSS JS - Those who know how to handle jQuery - Those who have experience using MyBatis - Those who have experience using MySQL and can write SQL queries - Those who can collaborate using JIRA Github Front-end developer qualifications - Those who have HTML markup CSS JS knowledge - Those who can use jQuery - Those who can work with simple JSP source code - Those who can build projects with ReactJS - Those who can use state management libraries such as Redux - Those who are interested in or know why they are necessary for SSR such as Next.js - Those who can collaborate using JIRA Github- Those with at least 3 years of web application development experience or equivalent capabilities - Those with an understanding of CS (Computer Science) basic knowledge (algorithms, data structures, file processing, operating systems, network databases) - Experience in vanilla/typescript work - Experience developing web services using PHP Web framework (e.g. Codeigniter Laravel) - Experience with RDBMS such as Mysql (Maria DB) Oracle - Experience developing HTTP or RESTful API clients - Understanding and experience with Git Anyone who has• College graduate or higher • More than 5 years • Proficient in PHP HTML CSS JQuery JSP• Education: College or higher • Experience: 5 years • Experience in back-end server development and e-commerce solution development • No distinction between front-end and back-end developers • Person with understanding and perspective on product sales/distribution/settlement processes• A new front-end developer or less than 5 years of experience • Those with an understanding of HTML, CSS, Javascript, and Typescript • Those with an understanding of front-end libraries or frameworks such as React, Vue, and Angular • Know the basic usage of Git and Github and have the ability to use Git Flow A person who has an understanding of • A person who always strives for personal growth and is able to communicate smoothly for collaboration with other departments• Have at least 1 year of web front-end development experience or similar experience • Have experience using one or more JavaScript frameworks (React or Vue) • Have a basic understanding of HTTP communication and experience developing REST API clients • Anyone with understanding and experience using the Git version control system• A person with more than 1 year of front-end practical experience • A person with a deep understanding of web framework practical experience such as React Next • A person with typescript development experience • A person with experience collaborating through git • Please provide opinions on products or development People who share without hesitation • People who know the joy of collaboration and communicate actively • People who continuously think about improving services• Those who are new or have less than 4 years of experience • Those who are interested in agriculture and value understanding the business domain • Those who know how to use one or more programming languages ​​to the level necessary for work • Web and React Those who have a basic understanding of• Education: College graduate or higher (2 to 3 years) • Experience: Any (new graduates can also apply) (Decided after interview at team member level)• Those with experience in web development using HTML CSS JavaScript • Those with more than 2 years of experience in React or equivalent capabilities • Those with experience managing global state in React• Those with experience in web front-end development using one or more of Typescript-based React Vue.js • Those who enjoy freely expressing opinions and intellectually honest discussions- Those who have a sufficient understanding of the React.js Next.js framework - Those who have a sufficient understanding of Javascript TypeScript - Those who have created a service or product from zero - Attitude to understand and develop products from the customer's perspective The one who has[Paldogam is looking for people like this!] • A person with more than 2 years of front-end development experience or equivalent skills • A person who is deeply involved in the business beyond implementing requirements and can proactively solve problems • Focus on eliminating inefficiencies A person who can contribute to improving the overall work efficiency of colleagues • A person with excellent technical debt management skills and a detailed repayment plan • A person who can lead the introduction of technology and processes and bring about organizational change through motivation and persuasion [Paldogam] 's technology stack!] • TypeScript React React Native Next.js • React Query Redux Redux-observable • AntD Emotion • NX • GitHub Actions • Sentry DataDog FB crashlytics• A person who thinks user-centered and applies it to product development • A person who proactively tries to create better products • A person who deeply understands and has used the React framework • An interest in design pattern architecture and code quality (clean code) Those with a passion for • Those with a deep understanding of HTML, CSS, and JavaScript• Web service development experience • Proficient experience using Javascript (React) HTML CSS • Logical thinking and problem-solving skills• A person who can empathize with the future the company envisions and possesses amicable and flexible communication skills • A person full of positive energy • A person who can change their decisions for a better decision and enjoys learning • Experience in development using React A person with this (using the react hook method, a recent trend) • A person who utilizes and operates appropriate technology for the situation, considering all business impact, technical debt, and UX • A person with experience in UI development considering responsive design web standards and web accessibility • Experience in using configuration management tools and CI tools such as git. • Have at least 2 years of other FE work experience (Currently, we are not accepting new employees. Please understand.)- Those with experience in Typescript React-based development - Those with an understanding of asynchronous functional programming - Those with basic knowledge such as data structures and networks - Those who can enjoy a mission-critical service operation environment and work together to create solid services with a high sense of responsibility Someone who has- Experience with front-end frameworks (Vue.js React Angular, etc.) - Experience with using Typescript - Experience with Git project management- Responsive web - Publishing capabilities• We are looking for someone with React or React Native development skills. • We are looking for someone with a deep understanding of HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. • We are looking for people who are interested in experiencing one cycle of a project (from service design to construction and release). • We are looking for someone who understands and has thought about development culture.[Experience] • 3 years of front-end development experience [Required Competencies] • React/Next.js/Typescript-based development experience • Proficient in using the latest JavaScript (ES6 or higher) HTML5 CSS3 • Working with planning designers and back-end developers Smooth communication [technology stack] • react.js next.js zustand typescript react-query • tailwind css • eslint prettier • openapi-typescript-codegen (swagger model auto generate) • cypress storybook jest • docker gitlab ci/cd k8s• More than 1 year of React-based framework development experience • More than 1 year of understanding and development experience in Modern Javascript (ES 5/6) / Typescript • Understanding of RESTful API and networks • Various state management operations such as Redux SWR React-Query Experience [Technology stack and tools in use] • React TypeScript JavaScript Redux recoil SWR (React-Query) immutable.js • Visual Studio Code WebStorm • Git Bitbucket • Notion • Slack- Those with more than 2 years of front-end web development experience or equivalent experience - Those with an understanding of the latest Javascript specifications such as ES6 ES2017 - Those with more than 2 years of experience developing React TypeScript-based services - UI Framework-based development Those with experience - Those skilled in SSG SSR development using Next.js - Those skilled in development in a code version management environment using Git - Those with an understanding of the SPA Framework - Voluntary and active participation in the direction of product development People who enjoy discussions with• We are looking for someone with more than 2 years of React or React Native development and operation experience, or equivalent development experience. • We are looking for someone with a deep understanding of HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. • We are looking for someone who has experience with one project cycle (from service design to construction and release). • We are looking for someone who understands and has thought about development culture.• Those with a certain level of knowledge about React Typescript, Javascript, and HTML5 • Those with a certain level of knowledge about Network and Computer science • Those with an interest in UI/UX to improve user experience • A good understanding of CI/CD People with high level of experience and use • People with the ability to solve given problems on their own • People with high interest in and adaptability to development languages ​​and tools that can increase work productivity and service performance• Those with experience using React/React Native • Those with experience using JavaScript • Those with HTML CSS SCSS knowledge and experience • Android/iOS Those with a general understanding of UI/UX suitable for various environments and devices • Git and Those with experience collaborating through the same version control system • Those with experience in efficient deployment management using CodePush, etc. • Those with more than 1 year of experience or equivalent abilities• React service development experience • Deep understanding of HTML and CSS • Greed for UI/UX details such as animation and interaction • Experience in SPA development using Webpack Babel ES6+, etc. • Experience in state management through Redux MobX Context API, etc. Person with this ability • Able to communicate actively[Qualifications] • More than 3 years of development based on SPA framework such as React Angular Vue • Experience developing based on bundling tools such as Webpack Browserify • Experience developing state management such as Redux • Person who is interested in solving domain problems and executes them • Growth A person with a strong will and desire to do something • Experience developing web applications using AWS • Service-oriented thinking and flexible communication skills【We're looking for someone like this!】 • Someone who is skilled in using React Angular • Someone who understands HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and TypeScript • A person who wants to share various learnings with colleagues, exchange help, and grow technically together A person with • A person who can proactively discover and analyze problems and propose solutions rather than simply carrying out the given development.• A person with an understanding of algorithms and data structures • A person with the ability to learn quickly • A person who sympathizes with Codeit’s vision and has smooth communication skills• Those who have experience collaborating with back-end developers • Those who are capable of modern Javascript (ES6+) • Those who can develop using React • Those who have an understanding of RESTful API design and integration • Those who can develop using bundlers (Webpack Parcel, etc.)Those with experience developing SPA frameworks Those skilled in using Typescript Those with an understanding of Javascript/HTML/CSS· Those with sincerity, growth orientation, and achievement orientation• Those with experience using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript • Those with experience with web development frameworks such as React.js and Angular.js, including Vue.js • Those with experience linking APIs such as Python and Node.js• Experience with languages ​​such as Typescript or Javascript • Experience with front-end frameworks and libraries such as React Next.js• (Required) 3+ years of front-end development experience or equivalent skills • Deep understanding of React and HTML5 / JavaScript • Experience developing React or React Native projects • Ability to communicate with the UX planning team and back-end engineering team ※This recruitment is for experienced recruitment. It's in progress. We ask for the understanding of new candidates who are interested in Raftel. ※Engineer recruitment involves a technical task screening (code test) before the interview.• A person with a sufficient understanding of web frameworks such as React, Vue and Angular • A person with a sufficient understanding of HTML, CSS and JavaScript • A person with experience developing and continuously improving a service • Think from the customer’s perspective and People who have the attitude to reflect it in the product • People who place a high value on good UI/UX• Those with more than 4 years of front-end development experience or equivalent skills > 29CM considers competency more important than experience. Even if you do not necessarily meet the experience period requirements, please feel free to apply if you meet the qualifications below. • A person who has an understanding of the front-end ecosystem and can select a technology stack or tool appropriate for the team • A person who aims to create the company's business impact as a senior engineer • Experience in SPA development such as React, Vue.js, and Angular • Those with an understanding of ES6+ syntax • Those who can choose the optimal technology for business situations • Those who strive to write good, easy-to-read code • Those who enjoy communicating with a variety of occupations• vuejs development history • ability to collaborate with git github • interest in JS framework • understanding of asynchronous programming• Those with at least 3 years of experience in web front-end development or with equivalent capabilities • Those with experience developing SPA using Javascript Framework such as Vue React • Those with development experience in HTML5 CSS JavaScript Webpack Babel • Typescript, etc. People with experience developing in static languages ​​• Experience developing UI in consideration of responsive design, web accessibility, and web standards • Value horizontal structure among colleagues, have no hesitation in expressing opinions, and communicate for collaboration with various teams This smooth person • A person with a challenging spirit who is not afraid of new attempts and failuresIn order to perform the front-end product engineer role in SlogUp, the following requirements are required. Additionally, training is provided to strengthen work skills for the relevant requirements. - Those with more than 2 years of product development experience or equivalent skills - Those who can use Typescript / React / React Native or are comfortable learning a new language - Those who have a good understanding of Rest API - Effectively publish designed results who can do it• Those with more than 3 years of related experience • Those with front-end React development experience • Those with no disqualifications for traveling abroad- Those with understanding and development experience in front-end frameworks such as JavaScript and React (3-15 years) - Those with interest in and project experience in mobile web and single page applications - Relevant departments such as PO BPO UI/UX Those who can communicate smoothly* Those with experience developing projects using React * Those with an understanding of Javascript ES6 grammar * Those with experience using state management tools such as ReactQuery Zustand Recoil React-redux Mobx contextAPI * Experience with using CSS SCSS Styled-component, etc. * Those who are familiar with using Git and Github * Those who have justification and reason for development * Those who do not feel burdened with communication * Those who can immediately put into practice[We are looking for such colleagues] • A person with more than 2 years of front-end development experience or equivalent experience • A person with an understanding of React Next.js principles • A person who can logically explain how the technology works • Those who enjoy improving customer experience and optimizing service performance • Those interested in utilizing better architecture framework libraries • Those with an understanding of browsers • Those with a deep understanding of HTML CSS Javascript • Understanding of Type System • Those who have studied programming paradigms such as functional object-oriented • Those who have an understanding of cross-browsing web standards∙ Those with more than 2 years of relevant experience or those with equivalent skills ∙ Those with understanding of frontend technologies (HTML CSS Javascript Typescript Node.js ReactJS React Native) in web and mobile environments ∙ Responsive design web standards People with development experience considering ∙ People with experience in quickly learning new technologies and applying them to products[Technology] • Those with more than 3 years of front-end development experience or those with equivalent capabilities • Those who are familiar with technologies/protocols such as React TypeScript HTML/CSS REST OAuth, etc. • In-depth knowledge of one or more development languages/frameworks A person with understanding • A person with experience in developing large-scale websites serviced in a distributed environment [Culture] • A person with affection and responsibility for colleagues/products • A person who is not afraid of conflict and can communicate rationally and transparently • A person who can work independently and flexibly respond to changes in technology/business trends • A person who is interested in improving customer experience and can develop by prioritizing customers and business• At least 5 years of front-end development experience is required. • Must have a strong understanding of Java Script and be proficient in using Typescript and React. • Experience in developing and deploying VanilaJS and Typescript React-based services is required. • You must be able to proactively discover problems and propose solutions based on a sense of responsibility for the product. ※ Technology stack - Typescript React Next.js - Vite Turborepo Webpack - AWS Github Actions Mono Repository• Have experience building at least one service from the initial stage • Have more than 2 years of development experience • Be proficient in using Vue.js, Nuxt.js, React Next.js • Have experience in search engine optimization (SEO) • Those who are able to configure UI (markup) and apply CSS interaction with designs delivered through Figma • Those who have thought about how to manage the state of web applications [Technology stack] - TypeScript - Vue.js Nuxt.js -＞ React Next. js & React Native - Cloud: AWS - CI/CD: Jenkins - Collaboration tool: Swagger Git (Git Flow) Notion Slack Asana FigmaThose who sympathize with ClassU's beliefs, mission, and vision [Development language] ㆍ Javascript Next.js React (basic) [Work experience] ㆍ Those who have experience creating products with loveWe are looking for someone with these capabilities and experience. - Those with more than 3 years of practical experience - Those with hands-on experience with React/Typescript/Next.js/Node.js - Those who are interested in writing test code to improve code quality - Learning programming languages A person who is not afraid to do things and has the ability to learn quickly[We're looking for someone like this!] • People with experience using React or React Native • People with experience using JavaScript • Basic understanding of HTTP communication People with experience designing or developing REST APIs • Code quality through code reviews A person who can maintain and grow the team's capabilities- Those who prioritize the team's success - Those who are familiar with the React NextJS Typescript work environment - Those who are interested in SEO server-side rendering, browser optimization, and the latest HTML/CSS/JAVASCRIPT specifications• Those skilled in using modern JavaScript/TypeScript such as ES6+ • Those familiar with branch management and collaboration using Git • Those skilled in HTML/CSS markup • Experience writing unit tests & E2E tests • Those active in introducing new technology stacks • Digital marketing Anyone with interest or experience in the field• 3+ years of experience • Experience using Javascript TypeScript • Experience using React• People with more than 3 years of experience and equivalent capabilities • Experience developing frameworks such as Angular React Vue • Experience in linking various APIs • Experience in project management/collaboration through configuration management tool (Git)- Those with more than 1 year of experience - Those with an understanding of React and proficiency in using the SPA framework - Those with a deep understanding of HTML CSS JavaScript - Those with experience with JavaScript static typing tools using TypeScript Flow• Those with 3 or more years of experience or those who can prove equivalent skills • Those with sufficient understanding and development experience in Javascript (ES6+) Typescript React.js React Native • Those with sufficient understanding of state management and relevant development experience • Reuse Those who are skilled in designing and writing possible code • Those who understand UI/UX guidelines and have no difficulty working with styled-components • Those who have no difficulty collaborating through Git • Those who have completed military service or are exempt from military service and have the ability to travel abroad Those who have no grounds for disqualification• At least 1 year of experience in web front-end development (including personal projects) • Experience developing web applications using React (Vue) Next (Nuxt) • Love the web and JavaScript and have a deep interest and understanding of the related ecosystem • Those with experience developing websites using WordPress or PHP-based CMS • Those with experience and expertise in effective design implementation through CSS • Those with an active attitude toward technical discussions and knowledge sharing• More than 3 years of front-end development experience or equivalent • Those with sufficient understanding of web frameworks such as React Vue • Those with experience developing and improving services based on React Next.js • Developing services based on Typescript Experienced • Have a deep understanding of HTML, CSS, and JavaScript • Familiar with version control and collaboration using Git and GitHub• Have at least 2 years of web front-end development experience or equivalent skills • Have experience using React Typescript • Have experience developing SPA (React Vue.js Angular) • Have an understanding of the latest technologies and the ability to learn them quickly • Those with practical application skills beyond simply using technology • Those with smooth communication skills• Those with experience building and operating services with less than 5 years of experience • Those with an understanding of HTML, CSS, and JavaScript • Those with experience building services based on JavaScript (Typescript) • Those with an understanding of React-based SPA Framework • Those with experience collaborating through version control systems such as Git • Those with experience using Next.js • Those with an understanding of cross-browsing and responsive web[We're looking for someone like this] • Someone with a deep understanding of Javascript • Someone who can comfortably use React • It's even better if you can use Next.js!I would like to hire someone like this - A person with more than 3 years of modern web development (React Vue, etc.) experience or equivalent capabilities - A person skilled in development using CSS preprocessors such as Semantic Markup and Sass Stylus - Understand the essence of the problem and answer it A person who focuses on the opinions of colleagues to find - A person who can express their thoughts rationally through words, words, and pictures - A person who can put aside their knowledge and experience if necessary to solve a problem - A better engineer than before Those who want to grow• Those with more than 5 years of web development experience in HTML, CSS, Javascript, etc. • Those with experience developing services using Restful API • Those with understanding of DOM and experience with related libraries• Those with less than 7 years of front-end development experience • Those with experience developing, distributing and operating a completed service using React • Those with experience developing and continuously improving a service (more than 1 year) • Good UI /Those who place a high value on UX • Those who can clearly convey the intent of their code• More than 1 year of front-end practical experience or similar experience • React and React Native development experience (app & web) • Basic understanding of HTTP communication and REST API client development experience • Experience using Git and Jira• A person with more than 2 years of related experience • A person with Java development experience • A person with Javascript development experience• Have at least 2 years of React development experience or equivalent capabilities (for experienced applicants) • Have an understanding of React-based technology stack and ecosystem • Have an understanding of the general architecture of web services and RESTful API • TypeScript A person skilled in• A person who has created a production-level service with React or has handled it with sufficient affection even if he or she has no experience.ㆍThose who have a general understanding of Frontend development ㆍThose who are familiar with javascript / Typescript ㆍThose who have experience developing using state management libraries (Redux MobX Recoil, etc.) ㆍThose who are interested in improving web service performance ㆍNewcomers ~If you have less than 2 years of experience, you must have a bachelor's degree or higher in a related department. If you have more than 2 years of experience, your educational background is irrelevant.- A person with at least 3 years of front-end development experience - A person who is proficient in Next.js and React and has extensive practical experience - A person who has experience developing services using maps or is skilled in handling the map API - Version through Git Those with management and collaboration experience - Those with experience in agile development using short sprints of 1-2 weeks - When you see a hole in the work, don't just look for a person in charge, but try to fill the hole in the work first in the way you can now. A person who can push forward and execute quickly - A person who can feel the joy of immersing and achieving a common goal desired by the team in a short period of time * A person who has at least 3 years of react-based front-end development experience within an organization, not a freelancer Looking for• We are looking for someone with 3 to 6 years of React or React Native development and operation experience. • We are looking for someone with a deep understanding of HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. • We are looking for someone who has experience with one project cycle (from service design to construction and release). • We are looking for someone who understands and has thought about development culture.• Those with React programming experience • Those with React Redux HTML CSS SCSS knowledge and experience1. 3-5 years of experience 2. Skilled in ReactJS development 3. Skilled in JavaScript (es6) CSS3 HTML5 4. Skilled in Git and GitHub-based collaboration 5. Interested in new technologies and challenging in adopting technology 6. Mobile or responsive web development experience• Those with more than 3 years of frontend development and operation experience or equivalent capabilities • Those with experience using at least one Javascript Modern Render Framework (Vuejs React, etc.) • Those with experience developing Typescript-based web services • SPA/CSR/ Those with a high level of experience or understanding of SSR SEO • Those who measure and analyze website performance and continuously think about optimizing performance • Those who are interested in new technologies and continuously learn on their own • Smooth communication based on positive thinking and sense of responsibility The person who does• Required stack: - React.js - javascript css - webrtc - Git experience•(Required) A person with at least 3 years of FE development work (at least 2 years in React-Native) • A person with experience in React React-Native ES6+-based projects • A person with experience in application development using REST API • Git Github version Experience in using management systems • Experience optimizing application performance • Person with smooth communication and collaboration skills with various job groups such as planning / design • Person with knowledge and experience in Javascript and HTML5 CSS3 • Knowledge of web standards and web accessibility A person with high understanding• Education: Any academic background • Experience: Fresher • A basic understanding of HTML CSS Javascript (ES6) is required. • Direct experience using one or more of the widely used UI frameworks such as Vue React Angular is required. • Experience developing UI using Restful API is required.• More than 3 years of web front-end development experience or equivalent product development experience • React-based development experience- At least 1 year of experience - A person who can develop a single-page application using the major technology stack specified - A person who can collaborate and develop using internal REST and Websocket API - A person who can sufficiently express the design presented by the designer in a web interface minute• More than 4 years of javascript development work experience • Understanding of W3C web standards such as HTML CSS • Understanding of ECMAScript HTML5 API• Those with at least 3 years of development experience and experience developing and operating practical web services • Those with development experience using React React-native Vue.js, etc. • Those with experience collaborating with PM UI/UX designers and back-end developers • A person who can communicate smoothly and collaborate with team members with diverse backgrounds • A person who is familiar with startup organizational culture• 3+ years of web front-end development experience • Proficient in front-end frameworks such as React or Vue • Experience applying TypeScript in practice • Familiar with version management and collaboration using Git and GitHub • Back-end developer product A person with experience collaborating with colleagues, such as a manager or product designer• People with at least 5 years of experience building and operating services • Experience building services based on JavaScript (TypeScript) • Familiar with one or more SPA frameworks among React Vue.js • Understanding of HTML CSS JavaScript • Individuals with deep knowledge • Experience collaborating through version control systems such as Git • Individuals who enjoy communicating and collaborating with colleagues in various fields • Flexibility to make rational decisions centered on customers, not limited to technology Someone who has“If you are given a design in Figma and can develop it in React and integrate it with the backend, you can work with us.” 【People who make development beautiful】 As you develop for a long time, what makes development beautiful is different for each person, but as a recruiter, I am not a front-end developer, but the meaning is clear, easy to read, exception handling is structured, and the optimized code is beautiful. I can see it. I want to work with someone who has or will create his own development philosophy. 【People who make the most of each day】 After understanding the entire system, you must be able to find your own tasks and express each day's development work units separately. However, this work will be done together as a team so you won't be alone.- Deep understanding of HTML5 CSS JavaScript (ES6+) - Deep understanding of SPA (Single Page Application) such as React Vue - Understanding and experience using state management libraries such as Redux Vuex - Use of CSS preprocessors and styled-components such as Sass Experience - Experience in code configuration management and review using distributed version control systems such as Git - Understanding of functional programming and OOP - Communication skills with planning team, design team, and other engineering departmentso More than 3 years of front-end development experience o People with extensive experience in HTML CSS javascript o People with experience in React Vue Angular or the latest front-end framework o People capable of high-level communication and collaboration o Responsive Those with an understanding of the adaptive web o Understanding of web standards and web accessibility- Those who majored in computer engineering or have equivalent capabilities - Those who have more than 2 years of front-end development experience - Those who are interested in UI UX - Those who can develop client web/apps using React Next.js or Flutter - A person who can communicate smoothly with the back-end product planning and design staff - A person with experience in quickly learning new technologies and applying them to products【Qualification Requirements】 We are looking for these types of people • New developers must have a major in computer science or computer engineering. • Experience, education, and age are all irrelevant, and it’s okay even if you don’t have any blockchain experience. • We need someone skilled in Javascript Node.js asynchronous request processing. • Looking for someone with an understanding of the bundling process through Webpack. • I would like someone with a deep understanding of HTML and CSS.• Experience with SPA frameworks such as React Angular Vue • Experience and understanding of state management patterns such as Redux MobX Vuex • Knowledge and practical experience developing scripts using Javascript / jQuery • Understanding of W3C web standards such as HTML CSS and responsive web publishing/UI development Experience • Experience developing REST API clients.【Application for persons with special military service (industrial technical personnel)】 • When applying for special military service, please indicate the type of military service for smooth processing. • New active duty/change to active duty/new supplementary station/change to supplementary station, etc. • Current pass order is available for transfer to active duty/new supplementary station/change to supplementary station. 【We're looking for someone like this!】 • Someone who is skilled in using React Angular • Someone who understands HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and TypeScript • A person who wants to share various learnings with colleagues, exchange help, and grow technically together A person with • A person who can proactively discover and analyze problems and propose solutions rather than simply carrying out the given development.• Experience: 2+ years (team member level) • Understanding and knowledge of HTML5 CSS web accessibility • Understanding and knowledge of Javascript • Understanding and knowledge of RESTful API • Modern Web Framework (React Angular Vue.js) in one or more projects application, etc.) usage experience• 3 to 6 years of experience • Understanding and capabilities of HTML CSS Javascript (ES6) • Experience developing services by linking RESTful API • Experience using SPA frameworks such as vue.js • Understanding of bundling environments such as webpack vite and experience• No experience required • Understanding of Pure JavaScript • Good understanding of HTML CSS• Less than 5 years of development experience • Experience working on projects using Next.js or React-Native • Experience with JS static typing tools such as TypeScript • Positive about code reviews and good at writing code that is easy to understand Those who are very interested• Deep understanding of HTML(5) CSS Javascript • Possess basic knowledge of React State management • Experience developing HTTP API clients • Those who value UI/UX • Participate in the development of any form of web/app service, even if it is not a commercial service Participating experience• Those who have a deep understanding and experience using the Spring framework • Those who have a deep understanding of HTML, CSS, and JavaScript • Those who are familiar with using Git Github and have a preferred Branch strategy • Those who have experience understanding and improving SEO and performance• More than 3 years of front-end service development experience • Proficient in React Redux Typescript • Experience with Vue Next • Ability to utilize Framework • High understanding of browsers• A person with more than 3 years of front-end related experience • A person with HTML/CSS-based development experience in JavaScript (ES2016 or higher) • A person with a general understanding and development experience of Single Page Application using React • A person with understanding and development experience of Hooks • Those with experience developing state management, such as Redux • Those with experience connecting to servers using axios, react-query, etc. • Those with Typescript development capabilities[Mindset] • Those who have interest and passion for global services • Those who sympathize with and are interested in the global growth of Korean trends • Those who do not limit their own capabilities and achieve radical achievements based on outstanding performance Those who pursue growth • Those who are capable of goal-oriented communication with stakeholders from diverse backgrounds • Those who define problems on their own and try to find solutions that take both users and business into consideration [Skill Set] • Front-end development for more than 3 years /Experience in mobile application development • Those with experience developing services using React Native • Those with a general understanding of UI/UX suitable for Android/iOS various environments and devices • Those with experience in efficient deployment management using CodePush, etc.[Qualifications] • Those with experience developing responsive web services based on React StoryBook • Those with experience operating servers using Next.js • Those with understanding of bundle optimization and rendering optimization[Basic Qualifications] ** Newcomers are not eligible for employment ** - Those with development experience - Those who are proficient in using HTML/CSS/Javascript- Those with more than 3 years of experience developing frameworks such as React Nextjs - Those with understanding of W3C web standards such as HTML CSS - Those with development experience in hybrid app and webview environments - Experience with CI/CD in AWS environments - Those with experience managing versions through Git - Those who seek a deep understanding of the business domain as a business partner beyond their position - Those with good communication and collaboration skills• React TypeScript Node-based web front-end development experience • Experience in continuous service improvement and operation in a production environment • More than 2 to 5 years of development experience• Those with more than 3 years of React (Next.js) development or equivalent skills • Those with experience developing services using WebSocket • Those with experience developing UI considering responsive design web standards• Any major • Graduated from a 4-year university • ReactJS Javascript ES6 Typescript CSS • ReactJS-based library framework • Use of collaboration tools• More than 2 years of front-end development experience (at least 1 year of React front-end development experience) - Proficient in Web Application development using React / Next.js - Deep understanding of HTML CSS Typescript/Javascript - Context API Those with experience using state management libraries such as Redux and mobx - Those with an understanding of RESTful API and HTTP requests and responses - Those with experience deploying and operating AWS-based services - Those with experience managing source code through Git - Rendering optimization, etc. People with knowledge and experience in improving front-end performance • Experience in developing their own solutions or services - Experience developing SaaS - Experience developing in agile or sprint methods • People who have good collaboration and communication with various job groups• Those with more than 3 years of web front-end development experience or equivalent skills • Those who are proficient in using HTML5 / SCSS / Javascript • Portfolio submission required• Experienced in developing and operating SPA frameworks such as React, Vue Angular, etc. • Person with sufficient understanding of the latest specifications of HTML/CSS/WEBPACK/JS/HTTP/HTTPS and sufficient experience developing through REST API • Sensitive to UI/UX improvements • Those who have experience developing UI considering responsive design web standards • Those who can collaborate with others using Git • Those who can view English API Docs and develop according to specifications • Are positive about code reviews A person who can communicate smoothly with team members and related departments[Looking for this type of person as a front-end developer] #Qualifications • A person with at least 3 years of front-end development experience or equivalent capabilities • A person with an understanding of basic computer knowledge such as algorithms, data structures, OS databases, etc. • React Vue, etc. Those who are skilled in using the SPA framework • Those who have experience with static type analysis using TypeScript • Those who are interested in user-centered UI/UX• Those who can use development languages ​​(HTML CSS JavaScript React Flutter) • More than 2 years of front-end development experience • Those who have participated in the application development process • Those who are not disqualified from traveling abroad1) Common - Passion for learning new technologies - Active mind for collaboration and communication 2) Front-end - Practical experience and understanding of Next.js / React or Nuxt.js (3 or more years of practical experience)• A person with more than 3 years of overall development experience • A person with more than 2 years of React development experience or equivalent skills • A person with development experience using state management libraries such as Redux • In-depth knowledge of HTML/CSS/JavaScript (ES2015 or higher) Those who understand • Those who have development experience using TypeScript • Those who can communicate well with planners and designers • Those who always seek to be better technically and want to continue to grow• More than 2 years of web development experience using React • Have development experience and knowledge using TypeScript • Have interest and understanding of mobile UI/UX • Communicate smoothly and actively to grow the service as well as development People who can collaborate• Those with experience using React • Those with experience in UX/UI development • Those with basic computer science knowledge • Those with more than 5 years of related experience or equivalent experience • Those who can communicate smoothly with relevant teams• Majored in computer engineering at a 4-year university • Basic knowledge of HTML, CSS, and Javascript • Experience using front-end frameworks such as React Vue• A person with more than 3 years of React/Next.js/Typescript-based development experience or equivalent capabilities • A person with knowledge and experience related to AWS operation methods such as EC2 Cloud Front S3 • A person with experience developing both PC and mobile environments on the web (Responsive web web view) • Those with extensive experience in web technologies such as web accessibility and web standard cross-browsing • Those skilled in using state management modules such as Zustand Mobx Redux Recoil • Those with experience in various device environments (mobile Webview responsive web) • Those who are not averse to collaboration such as code reviews• We are looking for someone with more than 1 year of React or React Native development and operation experience, or equivalent development experience. • We are looking for someone with a deep understanding of HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. • We are looking for someone who has experience with one project cycle (from service design to construction and release). • We are looking for someone who understands and has thought about development culture.• More than 2 years of related work experience • College graduate (2 to 4 years) or more • Deep understanding of javascript HTML5 CSS • SPA web page development using React.js • Development experience using AJAX RESTful API • Use of state management libraries such as redux mobX experience- More than 2 years of web development experience using html CSS javascript React RESTful API - A person with a high understanding of the web as a whole - A person who is familiar with Git configuration management and has experience in development collaboration - A person with an honest and positive attitude - Ability to communicate smoothly - Those who have majored in a 4-year related field - Must attach a career description• Experience: 2+ years or equivalent competency (required) • Deep understanding of HTML CSS JavaScript • Experience with JavaScript frameworks such as React Vue • Experience using RESTful API • Understanding version control systems such as Git • Use of Typescript Experience • No aversion to learning new languages ​​and technological environments • Good communication skills[If you are like this, even better! ] • A person who is sincere and has a good ability to accept the opinions of others is a must!!! • More than 1 year of front-end development experience • Development environment - flutter web programming • You must have experience in both flutter web, even if it is short. essential!!! Possible even during flutter study. • Carry out company projects, national projects, etc.• More than 3 years of web development (more than 2 years of React development experience) or equivalent capabilities • Those who understand web standards (HTML/CSS/Javascript) • Good communication skills • Those who enjoy learning new technologies and the process[We are looking for these colleagues] • Must have experience developing HTML5 CSS jQuery Node.js ejs • Must have experience in cloud environments (AWS, etc.). • Understanding the Web - You must understand the overall operation process of http protocol header cache web socket.• More than 5 years of front-end web development experience or equivalent experience • Understanding of the latest Javascript specifications such as ES6 ES2017 • Development experience considering web accessibility and web standards • Experience developing and deploying services with Vue React • Knowledge of the Distributed Version Control System Understanding • Experience in improving work processes and development culture.• React or Flutter- Those with more than 3 years of front-end development experience or equivalent experience - Those skilled in HTML CSS and TypeScript - Those with more than 1 year of React project development experience - Interested in product growth through short deployment cycles and iteration processes - Those who have experience communicating smoothly with various job groups and successfully distributing projects- General understanding of Computer Science - High interest and understanding of UI/UX and experience collaborating with designers - Experience and understanding of HTML5/CSS/javascript + Experience using VanillaJS - Experience in understanding and using React.js framework (or (Vue.js or Angular.js)- Those with more than 3 years of React development experience (using ES6+ TypeScript) - Those with RESTful API-based development experience - Those with experience in UX improvement, UI performance improvement, and SEO• Those with an understanding of Javascript ES6+ HTML5 CSS3 • Those with experience in front-end frameworks such as React, Vue and Svelte • Those with an understanding of the overall web development process • Those with experience in TypeScript development • Code structure using Git Those who are familiar with management and collaboration • Those who are familiar with tools such as Webpack Babel Rollup- (Common) No disqualifications for overseas travel - Experience developing one or more web frameworks such as React / Vue or iOS/Android apps - Basic knowledge of programming such as data structures, algorithms, databases, etc. - Understanding and using VCS such as Git Experience – Understanding of UI/UX- Those with more than 5 years of front-end development experience - Those with deep understanding and development experience in TypeScript React - Those with development experience using state management libraries such as Mobx Redux - Those with development experience and understanding of design systems - Those with experience measuring and optimizing website performance - Those with a deep understanding of JavaScript, CSS, and HTML - Those who can understand and organize requirements through smooth communication with various stakeholders• Those with developer tech leading experience • Those with experience in improving legacy architecture • Those with knowledge of monitoring • Those who perform work by actively and autonomously communicating with colleagues based on responsibility • Introducing collaborative processes with other teams and operational experience • A person who can logically explain their thoughts• Those with a sufficient understanding of practical experience in web frameworks such as React and Next • Those with a sufficient understanding of HTML CSS Javascript • Those skilled in development using Typescript • Those skilled in React Native development • Collaboration tools (Jira) Those familiar with using Confluence Slack Git Figma Storybook)• More than 3 years of front-end development experience • A person with a high understanding of the HTTP GRAPHQL operation method • A person skilled in writing HTML CSS • A person with a high understanding of the Javascript language • Ability to use frameworks or libraries such as React Vue next.js If you are familiar with it • Major in a related department ※ Submission of a github blog portfolio is required• More than 1 year of React development experience in actual projects • Person with professional knowledge and practical experience in web front-end technology (HTML Javascript CSS React, etc.)• More than 5 years of front-end development experience • Experience building platform service frameworks • High understanding of front-end frameworks (Vue.js/React.js) • Team leading experience • Responsive web development experience• More than 8 years of web front development experience required. • More than 3 years of Vue and React experience required. • A high level of understanding of web standards and web accessibility JavaScript semantic markup is required.• Computer engineering-related major • Typescript practical experience • Experience in React / Next.js and SSR (server-side rendering) development • Someone with good communication and a strong sense of responsibility[Qualifications] 1. A person with more than 2 years of front-end practical experience or equivalent skills 2. A person with a deep understanding of SPA-based frameworks such as React Vue 3. Various state management such as Recoil Zustand Redux Redux-toolkit Mobx Those with experience 4. Those who have thought about project structure and design 5. Those who can select the optimal tool to solve problemsQualifications for application ㆍNew entry level experience (1 year to 10 years) (Senior researcher/Chief researcher)• A person with at least 4 years of related work experience (required) • A person with experience in React Typescript ES6+-based projects • A person with experience in web development using REST API • A person with knowledge and experience in Javascript and HTML5 CSS3 • Planning / Individuals with smooth communication and collaboration skills with a variety of occupations, including design • Detailed career description required· 3 years of experience in front-end development or equivalent capabilities · Experience using React · Understanding of RESTful API and networks · Understanding of Modern Javascript (ESC6+)/Typescript or other development stacks and the latest languages ​​of the same class · Accumulating lessons through various attempts A go-getter attitude · A mindset that values ​​teamwork and communication · An open mind that likes learning new skills and can acquire them quickly.- Experience developing React.js Typescript projects - Those who are familiar with HTML CSS and JavaScript - Those who can communicate well with back-end engineers and designers - Those who like to constantly grow and acquire new knowledge• Those who are skilled in using SPA frameworks such as React, Vue and Angular and have more than 2 years of experience • Those who have a strong understanding of HTML, CSS and Javascript • Those who are familiar with distributed version management systems such as Git • Those who have a strong understanding of web services • Those with experience and understanding of state management libraries (Redux Mobx, etc.) • Experience with React-based projects • Those who enjoy finding and solving problems • Those who feel proud when the services they create are used by people • A growing company People who want to create a development culture together • People who can actively read development-related documents and acquire knowledge easily • People who do not find it difficult to explain their code to othersA person with Javascript-related development experience A person with an understanding of algorithms and data structures A person with the ability to learn quickly[What conditions are required? ] - People with more than 4 years of experience in web application front-end development (required) - People with knowledge of HTML (5) CSS Javascript (ES6+) - People with experience working on projects using SPA-based frameworks such as React - Easy to read Those who strive to write flexible source code - Those with communication skills with various job groups [Main technology stack] - Next.js React Query Recoil Storybook Jest Typescript Ant design Tailwind - Environment (development tool): Yarn (with workspace) Jenkins Github Actions - Collaboration Tools: Github Notion Figma JIRA Discord• More than 2 years of Flutter-based development experience • More than 2 years of React Native-based development experience- Education: Computer-related major - Experience: 6 years or more - Those with basic knowledge of HTML (5), CSS Javascript (at least ES5) and React - Those with the collaborative ability to find solutions with various job groups[Common Qualification Requirements] • Those with an open attitude and positive mindset • Those who respect diversity and can collaborate smoothly with colleagues • Those with an associate's degree or higher • Those who are not disqualified from traveling abroad- Those with more than 5 years of Front End development experience or equivalent problem-solving skills (required) - Those with React development experience (required) - Those who understand the achievement of business goals and are able to communicate and coordinate with collaborative departments - Achieve common goals People who can actively participate in tasks and adjust priorities - Experience supporting cross browsing and developing in various environmentsㆍExperience in front-end development using React/Next.js (at least 2 years of practical experience) ㆍAbility to use Typescript ㆍExperience in using Sass CSS Module ㆍUnderstanding of server-side rendering (SSR) ㆍA person who can collaborate with back-end developers with knowledge of RESTful API ㆍA person who measures and analyzes the performance of a website and continuously thinks about optimizing performanceㆍExperience (2 - 5 years) ㆍExperience developing websites using React ㆍExperience developing Next.js ㆍExperience deploying React services ㆍExperience developing front-end using Rest API minute• Persons subject to special military service (active duty/supplementary service) • Persons capable of basic web publishing • Persons capable of developing web standards, web accessibility, and responsiveness • Persons who are not afraid of new technologies and work hard consistently • Persons who are able to respond flexibly when faced with problems• Education: College graduate or higher • Experience: 2 years or more - Experience developing using Typescript - Experience using React Next.js - Experience using React native - State management libraries such as Redux Redux-saga Those with experience using - Those with an understanding of web UI/UX and mobile UI/UX - Those with experience managing source code history through Git and collaborating using Github• React development experience required. It would be great if you have the knowledge and experience to discuss the design or refactoring of common components. If you are curious about “how it works” while learning how to use React, we welcome you with open arms. • You need basic knowledge (communication-related knowledge such as HTTP SSL CORS) to communicate smoothly with back-end developers and mobile app developers. As the same application is being served through various domains, we often encounter issues that cannot be encountered in a simple service/development environment. • Competency is not considered proportional to years of experience. However, I believe that the knowledge acquired through experience can be of great help in quickly responding to unexpected situations or finding the cause of difficult issues. Generally speaking, we believe that approximately 5 years of development experience is required to fill this position. • It is good to enjoy acquiring new knowledge, but avoid being preoccupied with applying skills. New technological products are always created by solving existing “problems.” Based on your understanding of this part, if you can convince your colleagues that we are experiencing the same problem and can solve it efficiently, we will give you permission to try as much as you want. • Age and gender are not reflected in the evaluation. ＜Technology stack used＞ - TypeScript React NextJS - Recoil pnpm NxJS MUI• Those with experience in web front-end development using one or more of Typescript-based React Vue.js • Those who enjoy freely expressing opinions and intellectually honest discussions• Experience developing projects using React Native • Those who have a good understanding of Typescript Fundamental • Those who can understand and utilize the concepts of React Component Life Cycle and React Hook • Those who have experience using the Redux design pattern • Operations including service test app distribution Those with work experience• More than 1 year of front-end experience • Experience and strong understanding of Javascript • Experience with React Vue and strong understanding of its operating principles • Experience developing Git RESTful API clients○ A person with more than 2 years of front-end engineer experience or equivalent skills ○ An understanding of ES6 Webpack Babel ○ A person with development experience in React Redux Typescript or Vue Vuex stack ○ A person with an understanding of Server Side Rendering ○ Github Those who have experience using code configuration management ○ Those who have the ability to communicate and collaborate smoothly with people in various positions, such as planners, designers, back-end engineers, and machine learning engineers- Understanding HTML CSS Javascript technology - Understanding design patterns• Capable of using Java Jsp Javacript J-query CSS • Development experience using component-based libraries such as ReactJS VueJS• Those with less than 7 years of front-end development experience • Those with experience developing, distributing, and operating a completed service using React-native or flutter • Those with experience developing and continuously improving a service (more than 1 year) ) • Those who place a high value on good UI/UX • Those who can clearly convey the intent of their code• More than 3 years of practical experience or equivalent capabilities • Experience developing ES6 Spec Javascript • Experience building a Restful-based system • Understanding of HTML CSS • Smooth communication skills ※ Source code to check project information you have worked on, such as portfolio or Github Please be sure to submit.Qualifications for application: 1 to 5 years (senior level)- Those with more than 3 years of front-end development experience or similar experience - Those with development and release experience with TypeScript React NextJs - Those familiar with Git version management - Those with interest in and understanding of UI/UX . - Those with experience in UI development considering responsive design, web accessibility, and web standards - Those who can understand and organize requirements through smooth communication with various stakeholders - Experience in analyzing/responsive to service performance and failures- Those with more than 2 years of front-end development experience in the field - Those with experience managing source code versions through Git Github - Those who want to innovate UX/UI based on product understanding - Up to the role of product owner through continuous growth Those who want to try - Those who can acquire and utilize technology based on English documentation - Those who are interested in technological growth and are not afraid to apply new technologies• 3 to 5 years of front-end experience • Those with an understanding of React Typescript Redux • Those with an understanding of Javascript Next.js Node.js Bootstrap • Those with no disqualifications for traveling abroad• Those with more than 5 years of web front-end development experience or equivalent capabilities • Those who are proficient in React • Those with a deep understanding of web standards (HTML / CSS / Javascript) • Those who are comfortable with collaboration using Git Those who are familiar with it • Those who are capable of transparent communication and logical discussions • Those who are able to communicate and collaborate smoothly with colleagues regardless of job group • Those who have no aversion to agile• Experience using javascript and typescript • Experience using next.js and react.js • Experience developing restful API integration • Experience developing commercial services [A person well suited for this position] • A person who wants to experience a growing startup from the beginning • Own Those who prefer to take the lead in making decisions and taking responsibility for work • Those who dislike complex approval procedures and enjoy quick execution and improvement [People who are not a good fit for this position] • Those who feel they need a ‘shooter’ in the same job field • Those who are responsible for execution A person who feels at ease when he or she receives ‘approval’ from someone beforehand• More than 5 years of experience in web FE development • A person with smooth communication and self-directed collaboration skills with planning and design staff • A person skilled in web standard technology (HTML, CSS, cross-browsing, browser performance, web accessibility) • Actively participating in UI/UX improvement A person with the ability to solve issues • A person with experience in developing mobile web and mobile web view integration- A person with more than 5 years of development experience. - Anyone with an understanding of React’s Dom. (Virtual Dome, Real Dome, etc.) - A person with a deep understanding of TS and JS. - C.S. Someone with a personal understanding. - Anyone with an understanding of FE. - Experience using CSS libraries such as Tailwind CSS.• Those with 3 to 5 years of front-end development experience or equivalent capabilities • Those who enjoy creating their own rather than importing and using open source packages • Experience developing services using the FE framework library Someone who has this• More than 2 years of experience in front-end development using Javascript or equivalent skills • Experience using libraries such as Jquery ajax axios • Experience and understanding of developing various frontend-frameworks (Angular Vue React, etc.)ㆍMore than 3 years of practical experience with the Vue framework (Vue 2.0) ㆍA person with a deep understanding of HTML, CSS, and JavaScript ㆍA person with experience collaborating through Git• More than 1 year of JAVA (Spring-boot) development • More than 1 year of front-end experience• Those with more than 2 years of experience developing React projects • Those who consider creating services based on customer-centric thinking as the most important • Those with experience in product releases by collaborating with related departments such as planning and design • Proficient in HTML, CSS, and JavaScript • Those skilled in using functional components • Those skilled in version management through Git • Those with an understanding of UI considering web standards and responsive design • Those with a passion for learning and giving and receiving feedback consistently and effectively • A person who takes ownership of the work and is passionate about completing it• A person with more than 3 years of web application front-end development experience • A person with familiar TypeScript / React development experience • A person capable of smooth collaboration/communication with related departments • A person who can diagnose problems and suggest correct solutions • Those who can self-directly select issues and proceed with development • Those who can research necessary technologies and apply them to teams or services• Those with more than 5 years of front-end development experience or equivalent capabilities • Those skilled in HTML/CSS/TypeScript • Those with understanding and experience with React SSR • Those able to proactively manage schedules • Those with a sense of responsibility minute• A person with more than 3 years of front-end work experience • A person who can develop responsive markup while adhering to web standards and web accessibility • A person with a high level of experience and understanding of HTML, CSS, and Javascript • Experience in developing frameworks such as React, Vue, and Angular Those with a high level of understanding of the principles of operation (if you do not submit a career-based self-introduction, you will not pass the document review)• More than 3 years of frontend development experience • Experience with development using SPA Framework (e.g. React Svelte) and Typescript • Person with high value on UI/UX • Experience with SSR (Server Side Rendering) • Those who can proactively discover problems and suggest solutions • Those who freely share their opinions on product development • Those who have a strong sense of responsibility and pride in their work [Main Skills] • Framework: Next.js Typescript • State management: Recoil react-query • Styling: tailwindcss • Package management: Yarn berry [Frontend Engineer recruitment process details] • Employment type: Full-time regular (no change in salary for 3 months of probation) • Work location: 27 Itaewon-ro, Yongsan-gu, Seoul Gil 39-11 2nd floor • Recruitment procedure: Document screening ＞ 1st coding test (HackerRank) ＞ 2nd (On-site) technical interview - team interview ＞ Final Culture-fit interview ＞ Reference Checks ＞ Final acceptance • Submission documents: Free Answers to the required preliminary questions below the form's detailed career-based resume in Korean or English (PDF file recommended) [Required preliminary questions] (Please write briefly about 2-3 lines for each question.) • Applicants for joining Twelve Labs What are you most looking forward to and what are you most concerned about? • What do you think the applicant’s knowledge, capabilities, and previous experience can contribute to Twelve Labs? • What future career path or career goal do you have in mind at this point? • What are the applicant's criteria for selecting a company (three in order of priority) and motivation at work?• At least 1 year of front-end development experience or equivalent capabilities • Front-End: React.js (Next.js) • Web design/publisher possible • Deployment: AWS service application • AWS (EC2 Route53 S3)-based service Experience with deployment and operation • Understanding and experience with HTML5 CSS backend frameworks (e.g. Node.js Express.js)• Those with a high level of understanding of React state management • Those with experience in React native redux saga react.js • Those with a meticulous personality when developing • Those who enjoy development • Those with good ability to adapt to new development environments • Those who work well with team members People who are capable of collaborating• A person with a sufficient understanding of web frameworks such as React, Vue and Angular • A person with a sufficient understanding of HTML, CSS and JavaScript • A person with experience developing and continuously improving a service • Think from the customer’s perspective and People who have the attitude to reflect it in the product • People who place a high value on good UI/UX• Those with more than 2 years of web development (front-end) experience or those with equivalent capabilities • Those with basic knowledge of HTML, CSS, and JavaScript • Those with an understanding of Data Structure / Algorithm • Those with Restful API development experience• At least 2 years of hands-on development experience in React-Native and Typescript • Experience in state management using Redux MobX, etc. • Experience in configuration management using GitIs there anyone like this somewhere? • ES6+ Typescript 4.x • ReactJS 18+ • Experience in PC/Mobile responsive (adaptive) web production • Experience in using state management modules such as jotai/mobX/recoil • Experience in developing RESTful API integration Core Competencies 1. React Those who can develop web services 2. Those who can develop using open source 3. Those who are familiar with using Git Slack JIRA 4. Those who can communicate wellRequired Skills ∙ Experience Category: Intermediate front-end developer with more than 5 years of experience• Those capable of front-end development through React (more than 2 years of React development experience or equivalent capabilities) • Those with an understanding of React Lifecycle and SPA • Those with an understanding of Modern Javascript, ES6 or higher • Ability to use HTML CSS A person with an understanding of • A person who can collaborate through Git • A person who is positive and has no difficulties collaborating- More than 3 years of front-end development experience - Those with excellent communication skills - Those who can set the direction together in the service planning and design stages - Those who focus on why and how to work rather than why they cannot work■ We are looking for someone with this experience and capabilities. • Those with more than 3 years of React JS development experience • Those with experience in JavaScript SDK or library development • Those with experience in SPA (Single Page Application) development • Those with experience in RestApi integration development • Those with experience in TypeScript development • HTML CSS Those who have basic knowledge of• Have more than 3 years of development experience or equivalent capabilities • Have sufficient understanding and development experience in HTML CSS and javascript (ES5 and ES6+) • Have sufficient understanding and development experience in the React.js-based modern front-end ecosystem • Those with sufficient understanding and development experience in state management libraries such as Redux Recoil Zustand • Those with understanding of asynchronous communication with RESTful API servers • Those with understanding and experience with SPA and responsive mobile web • Styled Those with experience developing CSS preprocessors such as Component SCSS LESS • Those with experience setting up a front-end environment using Webpack Babel, etc. • Those with an understanding of version management using Git• More than 3 years of web front-end development experience • Basic understanding of basic CS subjects (network data structures) • Experience developing and operating services based on modern Javascript frameworks (React Vue, etc.) • Testing using test frameworks (Mocha Jest, etc.) Writing experience • Experience using CSS Preprocessor such as Sass Less • Understanding of web standards and web accessibility• Those who are familiar with using SPA frameworks such as React, Vue Angular, etc. • Those who have a deep understanding of vanilla JavaScript and TypeScript • Those who want to understand Flux architecture • Those who want to develop with traces of consideration from the user’s perspective • Those with collaboration experience and related relationships Those who have good communication with their department and colleagues[We want team members like this] • A person with more than 2 years of front-end experience using Vue.js • A person with a strong understanding of CSS HTML ES6 • A person with experience in component-based screen design and development • Experience in RESTful API development or People with basic understanding • People with experience collaborating using Github • People with basic understanding and knowledge of backend• Ability to use ReactJS • Experience: At least 2 years (acting manager level)- More than 3 years of front-end development experience - Understanding of the concept of Flux structure and the characteristics and grammar of Javascript - SPA (Service) based on React.js - Next.js - Typescript - GraphQL communication based on Apollo Client - Redux Local State Management using - Applying CSS using Styled Components - Understanding Design PatternsㆍMore than 5 years of front-end development experience ㆍProficient in HTML CSS JavaScript and experienced with frameworks such as React Vue.Js ㆍUnderstanding of web accessibility and user experience (ux/ui) ㆍExperience in developing dashboards and administrator pages ㆍResponsive web Design and development experience ㆍAbility to use version management tool (Git emd) ㆍDevelopment experience for PG payment• Those with more than 5 years of experience or equivalent experience • Those with development experience using React (Hook Class) • Those with deep understanding of HTML CSS JavaScript • Those with development experience using Typescript • Git Git-flow Those with an understanding of • Those with experience using CSS Preprocessors such as PostCSS SCSS or CSS-In-JS • Those with experience using state management libraries such as zustand redux toolkit • Those with experience developing responsive web • Experience with backend integration development Possessed • Basic understanding and collaboration skills in front-end and most collaborating positions (BE UX/UI etc)• Those with more than 5 years of experience building and operating front-end services • Those with experience building services based on Javascript (Typescript) • Those who can utilize one or more SPA frameworks among React Vue.js • SSR framework (Next) Those with experience building and operating services using .js (Nuxt.js) • Those with a deep understanding of HTML CSS Javascript • Submission of web portfolio (role and participation rate required for each project) [Technology Stack] • Balan Mall - Front: plain css&jquery ejs - Backend: Node.js 14 MongoDB Redis MariaDB AWS S3 • Back office: Node.js 14 Vue.js Bootstrap-Vue Nuxt.js MongoDB Redis MariaDB AWS S3 • Search engine: Elasticsearch • Analysis: Google Analytics • Code management : Github BitBucket • IDE: WebStorm PHPStorm Intellij IDEA PyCharm • Tools: NoSQL Booster Heidisql Xshell WinMerge Medis Postman • Communication: Slack Notion Confluence Jira Service Desk • Monitoring: CloudWatch Opsnow Self-monitoring tool• 3+ years of front-end development experience, including 2+ years of React development experience • Experience in unit testing UI testing and deployment automation • Ability to utilize frameworks such as React Angular Vue.js • Understanding of HTML CSS Javascript • Understanding of RESTful API• More than 3 years of industry experience • Deep understanding of web technologies • Experience optimizing web application performance • Experience with TypeScript and Next.js • Deep understanding of React and React Hook operating principles• 3+ years of front-end practical development experience based on React or Vue • Deep understanding of JavaScript and ES6 • Experience developing SPA using the nuxt framework • Understanding or experience with state management such as vuex recoil redux • Efficiently run legacy code Refactoring experience preferred Stack • Deep understanding of CS such as data structures, network operating system algorithms, etc. • Understanding of Docker Git and CI/CD experience using it • Experience using WebSocket SocketIO and WebWorker• Can perform Vue.js React.js projects • Vuetify Nuxt • jQuery • Flutter- Those with more than 3 years of web development experience - Those with more than 1 year of React and Next front-end development experience - Those who can communicate clearly and smoothly with designer PM back-end developers - HTML CSS Typescript global state management (Recoil) Those who are familiar with Redux, etc.• Those with more than 5 years of front-end system design, development and operation experience • Those with Vue.js development experience • Those with proficient use of HTML and CSS • Those with basic Linux/Unix skills • Those with smooth communication skills among team members Person • Anyone interested in the technology stack to create a better development environment• A person with more than 3 years of web front-end development experience or equivalent experience • A person with a deep understanding of HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and TypeScript • A person skilled in using SPA frameworks such as React Vue • A person with a variety of positions including planning, designer, and operations Those who have experience in direct communication and collaboration • Those who understand cross-browsing and responsive web • Those who are greedy for UI/UX details such as animation and interaction • Those who have experience in app development (react native, etc.) • Those with a desire for a technology stack (architectural framework library) to create a better web front-end development environment • Those with experience operating a service consistently for more than one year- General understanding of Computer Science - High interest and understanding of UI/UX and experience collaborating with designers - Experience and understanding of HTML5/CSS/javascript + Experience using VanillaJS - Experience in understanding and using React.js framework (or (Vue.js or Angular.js)• Position: Team leader • Person with front-end development experience • Person with project management experience • Proficient in TypeScript • Person with smooth communication skills • Required skills: Next.js es6 React.js mobx or redux styled -component- Those with more than 6 years of front-end development experience - Those who are proficient in React NextJS - Those who are familiar with code review/collaboration using Git & Github - Define and solve problems and various job groups such as planning, design, and backend Those who are skilled in collaboration skills looking for - Those who can actively propose and reflect service improvements from the user's perspective[Technology used] • React / React-Native • Typescript • Next.js • Redux (redux-saga) • Context API • tailwindcss (twin.macro) • React-Query [Qualifications] • 2+ years of React development • React- 2+ years (or more than 2 years) of native development • Proficient in Typescript • Ability to publish • High understanding of UI/UX • Ability to actively diagnose problems and creatively solve them • Various A person who is able to design and develop services while collaborating with the job group • A person who is able to voluntarily set goals/strategies(Required) skillset • Those with more than 4 years of front-end development experience (or equivalent skills) • Those with experience developing services using at least one of the following three frameworks: Node.js React.js React Native (required) Mindset • Those who pursue coding with their own logic while listening to diverse opinions • Those who have interest and passion for global services • Empathy for and interest in Korean trends growing globally People with many skills • People who pursue radical achievement and growth rewards based on outstanding performance without limiting their own capabilities • People who are capable of goal-oriented communication with stakeholders from diverse backgrounds • People who can define problems on their own and communicate with users and business Those who are trying to find a solution that takes into account• We are looking for someone with more than 5 years of front-end development experience. • We are looking for someone who is skilled in using web development libraries (frameworks) such as React Typescript Next.js. • We are looking for someone who is proficient in web technologies such as JavaScript, HTML, and CSS. • We are looking for someone with experience working on data-based visualization.• At least 4 years of development experience • Development experience using SPA Framework such as React, Vue Angular, etc.- A person with more than 7 years of experience developing web-based data monitoring systems or similar products (with comparable capabilities) - A person with a deep understanding of HTML CSS Javascript - Use of SPA frameworks such as React, Vue and Angular A person skilled inㆍMore than 2 years of frontend or backend experience ㆍAbility to collaborate through Git, etc. and basic use of Mac ㆍA person who can lead work with proactive ownership ㆍA person who is not afraid of learning new things and is ready to grow ㆍActively communicates with team members People with communication skills ㆍPeople who place high value on UI/UX• A person with at least 5 years of development experience and at least 2 years of front-end-focused development experience • A person with a deep understanding of Javascript and understanding and experience of HTML5 CSS3 • Experience in projects using ES6 React NextJS TypeScript • Those with API integration and data processing development capabilities • Those with smooth communication skills and experience collaborating with various jobs, including design back-end development • Those with a passion for active work performance and continuous technology development • A person with an understanding of Git and experience in configuration management- You must have *3+ years (required!)* of experience with frameworks such as Vue, React, and Angular. - Front-end E2E test application verification experience is required. - Experience in applying or using a design system - Must have a high understanding of web technology and have experience developing web services/applications - Someone who understands web standards for JavaScript, CSS, and HTML and can expand libraries/frameworks - Thinking about services A person who wants to share opinions with planning/design/development colleagues - A person with a proactive attitude to improve customer experience and solve problems• Able to use React React Native jsp, etc. • Major in engineering or natural sciences (relevant experience preferred for non-majors) • Responsibility for one's work • Proactiveness Good communication skills- A person with more than 3 years of relevant experience or equivalent skills - A person with a high level of understanding of React.js and Node.js - A person who performs work with persistence and responsibility - Decision-making based on customer-centered thinking and data - Those who are skilled in collaboration and communication with various job groups such as planning and marketing - Those who have achieved results while carrying out data analysis projects - Those who enjoy agile change and have a strong desire to take on challenges• Those with more than 3 years of FE development experience • Those with a deep understanding of HTML CSS and JavaScript • Those with React or Angular Vue experience • Those with experience with web development libraries and frameworks • Excellent problem-solving skills and A person with analytical skills • A person with an active and responsible attitude • A person with flexible communication and collaboration skills- Those with more than 5 years of FrontEnd development experience or equivalent capabilities - Those with understanding and development experience in mobile or responsive web development using React - Understanding and development experience in state management libraries such as Redux Recoil - Those with a deep understanding of HTML, CSS, and JavaScript - Those with experience in UI development considering responsive design, web accessibility, and web standards[Competency Requirements]: Sufficient experience or development capabilities in web app development using Vue.js, or willingness to take on challenges and learning ability: Experience or development capabilities in PWA (Progressive Web App) development: General knowledge of HTML/CSS and JavaScript and ability to utilize [common requirements]: Those who can analyze and define problems: Those who can communicate smoothly in collaboration with other departments such as planning, design, and sales: Those who can develop new and unfamiliar technological fields through their own learning and efforts Those who prefer challenges: Those who have a sense of responsibility for their work and work hard to achieve results by trying again even if they fail.• Those skilled in using flutter • Those skilled in HTML JS language • Those who meet both of the above • (New graduates) College graduate or higher• Those with more than 2 years of front-end development experience or equivalent skills • Those skilled in using JS/TS React/Next • Those with an understanding of HTTP HTML CSS Rest API JavaScript TypeScript • Those with experience in JWT and authentication Person • Proficient in using Git• A front-end developer with more than 2 years of experience collaborating with the company (personal project experience from a coding academy boot camp other than while working at the company is not recognized.) • A person with more than 2 years of experience using React.js • Those with an understanding of responsive mobile web and web standards • Those who can work remotely (from home) ※ If you include sensitive personal information other than contact information, such as salary or resident registration number, on your resume, you will be immediately rejected and the submitted materials will be discarded without review. . Please understand that this is a measure in response to the strengthening of the Personal Information Protection Act.- A person with more than 5 years of experience using the React framework - A person with a deep understanding of HTML CSS Typescript/Javascript - A person with development experience in mobile web optimization - A user-centered attitude rather than a technology-centered one, with great UI/UX skills People with interest and understanding - People who can quickly analyze and provide feedback on requirementsㆍMore than 3 years of web front-end development ㆍA person with a deep understanding of HTML, CSS, and Javascript ㆍA person skilled in using modern SPA frameworks such as React Vue ㆍA person capable of smooth communication with various parts such as back-end planning and design• Education: Any (Computer-related majors are preferred.) • Experience: More than 3 years of experience • Experience in Web Front-End development • Experience in Front-End Framework development such as JQuery React • Experience in UI/UX development＜Required＞: At least 2 years of experience in app development or a master's degree or higher - Ability to use and implement React native - Basic understanding and use of HTML markup and CSS - Ability to implement design guidelines on the screen using actual front-end technology Ability - Basic understanding and ability to use JavaScript-based front-end languages ​​such as React- Those with more than 3 years of React.js development experience - Those with experience developing with GraphQL API - Those who can use Git Github - Those who are active in communication for collaboration• Those with more than 3 years of experience in a related field • Those with an in-depth understanding of JavaScript • In-depth understanding of Git: commit merge remote push pull branch • Those with in-depth understanding of CI/CD • React A person with an understanding of how it works and Hooks • A person with experience launching and operating Next.js products • A person with the ability to design/implement/test given functions and UI requirements on their own • Aiming at scalable development and refactoring Those who are familiar with systematic code management such as version control (Git) • Those who have knowledge or ability to acquire the Node.js environment and libraries • Those who have basic English skills (reading, writing, and simple conversation) • Those who are not disqualified from traveling abroad• Those with at least 2 years of experience in front-end development or those with equivalent skills • Those who enjoy immersing themselves together with colleagues to achieve a common goal • Those with experience working on projects using React, etc. • Those who like to work independently • Those who have experience with various user environments such as web views within the responsive web, mobile web, etc.• People with more than 5 years of project experience• More than 5 years of practical experience • More than 3 years of experience working on React.js-based projects• Those with at least 1 year of front-end development experience • Those with experience developing Vue.js projects • Those with experience in responsive web development• At least 3 years of front-end development experience • Understanding of design and design patterns • Basic understanding of HTTP communication and Restful API experience • High understanding of SSG/SSR • Directly configure bundler tools such as Webpack / Vite Experience in Typescript development and ability to set identity• More than 7 years of front-end development experience (or equivalent skills) • Skilled in web standard technology (HTML, CSS, cross-browsing, browser performance, web accessibility) • Experience in understanding the basic principles of Javascript and reflecting it in code • React.js, Vue.js, etc. Experience in understanding and using class or functional components • Experience in using configuration management tools (Git SVN Bitbucket, etc.)• New professional researchers with a bachelor's degree or higher in computer engineering or related departments can apply. • Project experience using Vue.js React. • Possess relevant knowledge in HTML, CSS, SCSS, and JavaScript/Typescript. • Understanding of microservices. • Use Socket.io stomp, etc. Implementation experience• Those skilled in using the Front-End framework (React TypeScript JavaScript CSS) • Those with experience in developing Websocket image processing applications • Those who are active in improving quality through architecture design, proposed code reviews, and testing • Those with flexible thinking skills and good communication and collaboration• Experience in building new web services • Experience in building web services through AWS • Experience in API development and external API integration • Experience in various databasesThose who can edit through CSS and JavaScript Those who can create the Cafe 24 homepage• A person with more than 5 years of web/app front-end development experience • A person skilled in using React-based SPA framework • A person with a deep understanding of application state management processing (Redux Recoil Zustand, etc.) • Experience in A-Z of product development Those who have tried it and have no difficulty in overall product design • Those who are skilled in selecting an appropriate technology stack for the product and building a development environment • Those who have experience in configuring and developing front-end common libraries• Understanding and development experience in vue3 TypeScript JavaScript (ES+6) • Those with an understanding of SPA SSR CSR SEO • Those with an understanding of RESTful API • Those with an understanding of cross-browsing • Ability to markup and DOM Those with an understanding of structure • Those with an understanding of CSS3 SCSS • Experience with version management and collaboration using Git• portfolio• Those with more than 3 years of relevant experience or equivalent experience • Those with knowledge of HTML(5) CSS Javascript (ES6) • Those with an understanding of efficient markup CSS performance • A deep understanding of TypeScript React and Those with development experience • Those with development experience using state management libraries such as Redux Recoil • Those with development experience and understanding of the design system (Storybook)• A person with more than 5 years of experience in front-end development • A person who is able to collaborate not only with front-end development but also with front-end and back-end departments • A person who can communicate smoothly • A person with a high understanding of HTML5, CSS, Javascript (at least ES5), etc. • Svelt Angular Vue A person with knowledge and experience of at least one of React • A person with experience in UI development considering responsive design • A person familiar with using basic development tools such as Git[We are looking for someone like this] • A person with more than 4 years of relevant job experience • A person with expert knowledge in computer engineering (bachelor/master’s degree) • A person with an information processing engineer certificate • A person with a high understanding of 3D graphics • Development A person with trend analysis and self-training capabilities- Experience developing/operating web front-end products with React + TypeScript in a production environment for more than 2 years - Ability to understand the pros and cons of the technology stack available at each layer of the front-end and select appropriate technologies according to the situation of the product - Ability to accurately and quickly understand complex business logic and effectively resolve bottlenecks - A person with a deep understanding of HTML, CSS, and Javascript and knowledge of related Web Tech - When faced with unexpected results, determine the root cause rather than assigning responsibility. A person who can focus on finding and improving- Experience: 3 years or more - Gender: Any - Anyone with an understanding of JavaScript and React - Anyone who can quickly become familiar with new technologies - Anyone who understands the basic flow of web services• Have at least 3 to 10 years of front-end development experience • Have proficient development skills using Webpack / ES6 / JavaScript • Have a high working understanding and publishing ability of web standard markup using HTML5 CSS3 • React Vue.js, etc. Have a strong understanding of major front-end frameworks and libraries and experience in product development • Understanding and experience with cross-browsing and responsive web design required • Experience communicating with RESTful APIs and collaborating well with back-end developers • Git Experience with code version management and collaboration using configuration management tools such as required • Collaboration and problem-solving skills and communication skills for team work• A person with more than 5 years of front-end development experience • A person with the technology stack below 1. Language: HTML CSS javascript/Typescript 2. Framework and libraries - UI: React/Next Styled-Components/Emotion - State management: Recoil Zustand• Those skilled in using Flutter • Those skilled in HTML JS language • Those who meet both of the above • (New Entry) College graduate or higher • (Experience) Any academic background• Typescript development experience • More than 2 years of React development experience • More than 1 year of React Native development experience • A person who can make appropriate technical decisions in a given situation• College graduate or more / 2+ years of experience • Ability to use Vue3 Quasar UI frameworkㆍMore than 2 years of frontend or backend experience ㆍAbility to collaborate through Git, etc. and basic use of Mac ㆍA person who can lead work with proactive ownership ㆍA person who is not afraid of learning new things and is ready to grow ㆍActively communicates with team members People with communication skills ㆍPeople who place high value on UI/UX• More than 5 years of web front-end development experience • Understanding of Javascript Core • Experience and knowledge of React and Redux (Redux-Saga) nextjs • Experience measuring and optimizing website performance• Those with more than 5 years of experience developing web services using React • Those with direct experience designing and building a front-end development environment • Those with knowledge and experience improving front-end performance such as rendering optimization • Knowledge of web development A person who can communicate smoothly with other departments based on understanding- A person with a sufficient understanding of JavaScript (ES6+) or TypeScript and has development experience (2+ years) - A person who understands asynchronous communication with the API server - A person with no restrictions on the use of any framework - Git/ GitHub People with experience in collaborative projects through the environment - People who like communication and are positive• Those with knowledge of HTML, CSS, and JavaScript • Those with proficient markup skills • Those with experience developing with Angular React- Those with a bachelor's degree (4-year high school diploma) or higher - Those with more than 3 years of related work experience - Those with Javascript (or Typescript) HTML/CSS-based development experience - Those with web programming experience using React - Reactive Those who understand and develop programming principles - Those who have an understanding of Internet-based protocols/technology such as HTTP REST DNS oAuth - Those who enjoy developing algorithms to solve various problems• Those with more than 3 years of experience or equivalent capabilities • Those with a deep understanding of React and Javascript • Those with experience developing and releasing React-based services • Those who can logically share knowledge and discuss with colleagues Please check • If you have a portfolio & GitHub & development blog, please attach the URL or source code. (During the first tech interview, you will be given a presentation on the technologies you used and your contributions.)• Experience: 3+ years of experience • Development experience utilizing React • RESTful API client development • Jest Webpack Storybook • Experience using collaboration tools: AWS Git Jira Notion • Logical/systematic problem-solving and communication skills• Experience: Those with more than 3 years of service development experience or equivalent capabilities • Those capable of developing components using Vue.js + typescript • Those capable of styling using SCSS • Continuously growing by quickly applying new technologies Those interested • Those with logical and systematic problem-solving skills and smooth communication skills• Experienced in websocket program development • Experienced in Javascrpt (ES6+) HTML CSS and Node.js development • Experienced in developing services based on Webrtc technology- 3 years or more - Experience in React-based front-end development - Experience in using SCSS - People who can communicate smoothly with team members in various positions - People who are interested in IT services - Use of javascript (familiar with ES6 grammar) jQuery Experience - Experience using Git- Those who pursue customer needs and the essence of the system and place high value on data insightful UI/UX - Those who are interested in the real-time rendering challenge of Daegyuo Objects - Those who have extensive experience in Typescript and React - Storybook - Those who have experience or created a systematic component ecosystem using - Those who have planning capabilities and can understand and design UI not just visual elements but also data elements - Operate packages in monorepo format using yarn workspace - A person who understands the value of program standardization/modularization and can implement it - A person who has a high understanding of startup culture and takes initiative in work - A person who works with team members with a common goal A person who actively communicates and engages in work- Those with at least 3 years of web development experience based on the Vue3 or Nuxt3 framework - Those with a general understanding of modern front-end frameworks based on HTML/CSS/Javascript - Actively provide feedback during the code review process Those who want to grow together with their team members• Those with at least 5 years of web publishing and web front-end development experience • Those with experience in launching and operating B2C commercial services • Those with the ability to collaborate and communicate smoothly with other parts such as planning/design/back-end development • HTML5/CSS3/Javascript A person with a high understanding of and proficiency in using • A person with experience responding to various devices using media tags and developing responsive web- Those who have enjoyed Real World content - Those who have experienced the product life cycle from service planning to launch and operation as developers with more than 2 years of work experience - Those who have used modern front-end frameworks such as React or Angular Vue - User-centered problems A person who can think about solutions and choose the best technology suited to the business situation - A person who is open to feedback from others• 5+ years of front-end experience (*required*) • A person with a deep understanding of HTML CSS JavaScript • A person with experience using Typescript • A person with experience using SPA frameworks such as React Vue • Recoil react-query redux vuex Those who understand or have experience using state management libraries, etc. • Those who have experience using CSS-in-JS through Emotion Styled-Components, etc.• A conscientious and thoughtful engineer • An engineer who loves learning new technological trends• We need someone skilled in SPA frameworks such as React.js and Vue. • It is recommended if you have experience with Javascript static type analysis such as Typescript Flow. • It would be great if you have a passion for proactively improving services.• Education: College graduate or higher • Experience: 5 to 10 years • People with more than 5 years of work experience in React and front-end technologies • People with deep understanding and proficiency in using JavaScript, HTML, and CSS required for web development • RESTful API Those with an understanding of • Those with experience developing Typescript • Full-time employee (3-month probationary period) • Document screening ＞ 1st interview ＞ 2nd interview ＞ Executive interview ＞ Final acceptance • Interview schedule will be notified later. • If false information is discovered, employment may be cancelled.• Those with more than 3 years of front-end development experience or equivalent skills • Those with hands-on experience in Next.js or SSR • Those with the ability to statically type with Typescript • Those with experience in collaborating with development team members • Relevant departments A person who can communicate smoothly with• People with more than 5 years of development experience (front-end development) or equivalent capabilities • Experience in developing and maintaining React-based services • Experience using Next.js or understanding of server-side rendering • A person who considers problem definition as important as problem solving and can organize and share it • A person who has experience collaborating with various job groups such as designers, back-end developers, and planners- Have practical development experience using React.js or equivalent capabilities - Experience developing Javascript ES6 HTML5 CSS3 web accessibility and standards - Experience developing Typescript - Have basic knowledge of CS such as HTTP Rest API - Experience managing code configuration such as Git - Experienced in sprint - Experienced in operating a development organization- Those with more than 3 years of front-end development experience or equivalent abilities - Those with experience in identifying project requirements and leading collaboration with various job groups - Select appropriate technologies for the overall team's goals and determine appropriate technologies - Those who have experience creating a complete product within a limited time - Those who have experience developing React.js Typescript projects - Those who are familiar with JavaScript and TypeScript - Those who have experience writing test cases and introducing automated tests - Those who can communicate well with back-end engineers and designers - Those who like to constantly grow and acquire new knowledge• More than 5 years of experience • Proficient in handling SPA frameworks such as React or Angular Vue • Experience using state management patterns such as Redux zustand • Person with a deep understanding of HTML CSS JavaScript • Git, etc. Those who are familiar with version control systems • Those who have the ability to communicate smoothly with planners, designers, and back-end engineersㆍAbility to develop front-end using Vue.js Quasar• Those with more than 1-2 years of React Native-based development experience • Those with basic knowledge of Javascript CSS • Those with good communication with other job groups, such as designers/service planners• Sufficient experience with the React framework • Those with an understanding of ES6+ syntax • Those who can select the optimal technology for business situations • More than 4 years of front-end development experience• Experience: 3+ years of experience • 3+ years of front-end development experience (HTML5 CSS3 Javascript ES6) • Development experience using SPA frameworks such as React Vue.js • Understanding of state management systems such as Redux MobX • Restful API integration Development Experience • Collaboration experience with FigmaㆍMore than 2 years of frontend or backend experience ㆍAbility to collaborate through Git, etc. and basic use of Mac ㆍA person who can lead work with proactive ownership ㆍA person who is not afraid of learning new things and is ready to grow ㆍActively communicates with team members People with communication skills ㆍPeople who place high value on UI/UX• Those with extensive experience in UX/UI publishing • More than 5 years of front-end service development experience • Those with extensive React development experience • Those with understanding of W3C web standards such as HTML CSS • Those who can utilize Framework • Development using Redux / Typescript Experience • Able to develop REST API integration • Proficient in using distributed version management systems such as Git • A person with a high understanding of browsersQualifications 1. 3+ years of front-end development experience 2. Excellent knowledge of HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and TypeScript 3. Understanding of React-based SPA Framework 4. Understanding of web accessibility and search engine optimization (SEO) 5. Cross-browsing and Understanding responsive web• Those who have an understanding of HTML CSS Javascript • Those who have experience developing SPA with React Vue.js Angular or Vanilla JS • Those who are familiar with using state management libraries • Those who have an understanding of HTTP communication • Those who are familiar with using Git Github Those who have a preferred branch strategy • Those who have experience setting up bundlers and compilers and solving problems • Those who have experience understanding and improving SEO and performance • Those who have experience building CI CDs using Github action Jenkins CircleCI, etc. • Those who can select appropriate technology according to requirements• More than 2 years of relevant experience • Curious and positive • Good communication (collaborative knowledge sharing, code review) • Agile experience • Proficient in web application development using Javascript framework (React Vue, etc.) • Proficient in publishing (UI customizing) Person who did it • Technology stack: Javascript React Typescript css websocket • Tool: Visual Studio Code Github Notion Figma• Those with more than 5 years of front-end experience or equivalent abilities (new applicants are not eligible to apply) • Those with practical experience and deep understanding of Reactjs Nextjs • Those with Typescript development experience • Those with experience collaborating through git • Products • Those who are willing to receive feedback on development • Those who are active in collaboration and communication • Those who constantly think about improving services • Those who take the lead rather than simply doing the given work- Those with more than 3 years of front-end development experience or equivalent abilities - Those who are familiar with the HTML CSS and JavaScript ecosystem - Those with React project development experience - Those with SSR project experience using SPA Framework such as Next.js - Those with experience in state management such as Redux, Mobx, Recoil SWR, etc. - Those with an understanding of W3C web standards such as HTML and CSS - Those with experience and understanding of cross-browsing web standards and web accessibility - Those with the ability to communicate smoothly with various job groups minute• A person with more than 3 years of experience in front-end development/operation • A person who can develop SPA-type programs using React or Vue • A person skilled in Javascript static typing using Typescript • A person with high value for UI/UX • Those with a deep understanding of HTML, CSS, and JavaScript [Common] • Those who are expected to graduate or have graduated from a four-year university • Those who are not disqualified from traveling abroad • Those who actively promote individual and team development through feedback • Within the development team /Those who are capable of smooth communication in external collaboration • Those who are comfortable with pair/mob programming • Those who have basic knowledge of computer engineering such as OS network databases • Those who have experience in version management and collaboration through Git • Those who are comfortable with problem solving A person who can fundamentally solve problems by accurately understanding the problem and analyzing the cause • A person who has excellent communication skills and enjoys sharing his or her experiences and learnings with colleagues (company-wide)[Front-end] • Typescript • React • Only those with 3 years of “related” experience can apply [Deployment environment] -Docker Jenkins• Those with 5 to 10 years of development experience • Technology stack: React.js Vue.js TypeScript Git/Github • Those with an understanding of JavaScript and the web environment • Understand the operating principles of React Vue and have practical experience using it • Those with experience using state management libraries such as Redux Recoil • Those with experience in commercialization services• Education: Any academic background • Experience: 1 to 5 years • A basic understanding of HTML CSS Javascript (ES6) is required. • Direct experience using one or more of the widely used UI frameworks such as Vue React Angular is required. • Experience developing UI using Restful API is required.• Graduate of a 4-year university with a related major • Technology stack (required): React Typescript • Technology stack (preferred): graphQL• More than 3 years of related experience • Able to react with node.js • A person with an understanding of Web/App • A person with an active and positive mindset • A person with communication and collaboration skills• More than 5 years of experience • Possess basic front-end development skills (Java javascript css Spring Boot JSP React) • Proficient in RestFull • No difficulty using IntelliJ Git • Able to communicate smoothly with collaborating departments• We are looking for a front-end leader with more than 6 years of experience in front-end development using ReactJS. • We are looking for someone with a deep understanding of JavasScript (ES6 or higher), CSS, and HTML. • We are looking for someone with practical work experience in Javascript React Webpack Babel redux, etc. • We are looking for someone who is skilled in using and collaborating with Git.• Proficient in the Angular front-end framework • Deep understanding of HTML CSS JavaScript • Experience applying TypeScript in practice • Familiar with version control and collaboration using Git and GitHub • Test automation and test leadership Those with experience in development • Those with experience collaborating with colleagues, such as back-end developers, product managers, and product designers • Those with experience developing services that support various browser environments • Those with experience in continuously developing a single web service• Able to develop front-end (html javascript css) • Experience using Web Framework such as Angular Vue React• HTML5 CSS3 Javascript experience • ES6+ Jquery JqueryUI experience • Client-server communication development experience using REST API1) More than 3 years or equivalent front-end development experience 2) React.js project development experience 3) Development experience using HTML CSS and Javascript ecosystem 4) Python and Linux environment development experience 5) Experience/Education: More than 3 years / Bachelor’s Above 6) Workplace: S2F Center (Bangi Station) 7) Department: Five Senses Intelligence Research Institute[We're looking for someone like this!] • 1 year of Vue.js development experience or 2 years of related development experience • Proficient in basic web front-end skills such as HTML JavaScript CSS • Familiar with MVC MVVM patterns• Those with a deep understanding of the HTML CSS and Javascript ecosystem • Those with experience developing React + Typescript projects (more than 5 years) • Those with experience using Redux state management patterns • Those with experience developing web apps using REST API • A person with good communication skills with the backend design and planning team• Those with more than 4 years of experience developing React.js • Those with an understanding of typescript • Those with experience developing RESTful API clients • Those with sufficient understanding of HTML CSS Javascript • Understanding of cross-browsing and responsive web Anyone who is there- Those with more than 3 years of experience developing frameworks such as React Nextjs - Those with understanding of W3C web standards such as HTML CSS - Those with development experience in hybrid app and webview environments - Experience with CI/CD in AWS environments - Those with experience managing versions through Git - Those who seek a deep understanding of the business domain as a business partner beyond their position - Those with good communication and collaboration skills• Those with more than 5 years of FrontEnd experience or equivalent skills • Those with development experience using the React Vue Next library • Those with understanding of ES6+ HTML5 CSS3 • Those with experience developing RESTFul API integrations Those with understanding and practical experience with Restful API • Those with FrontEnd CI/CD experience • Those with version management (Git Github) experience① javascript vue.js HTML CSS ※ Those with short direct vue.js product experience but proficient in React TypeScript with a fast vue.js learning curve can apply ② More than 3 years of web application development experience ③ More than 1 year of vue.js development experience- Possess web development technical skills such as HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and jQuery - Possess PHP MySQL knowledge - Experience in related work• Those who are proficient in using Vue or React • Those who understand the use of git and branching strategies • Those who understand restful API • Those who understand asynchronous processing• Those with more than 3 years of front-end experience or equivalent skills • Those with an understanding of HTML, CSS, and JavaScript and able to configure and modify pages • Those with styling experience using CSS in JS • Experience with SPA frameworks such as React • Anyone with an understanding of REST API • Improved UI/UX considering user experience• More than 5 years of development experience and experience operating large-scale commercial services are required. • We need someone with expertise in one or more programming languages. • We need someone who can communicate smoothly with related departments in various job groups. • We need someone who is not reluctant to learn new skills and is a quick learner. [Development environment] - Node.js TypeScript RESTful API GraphQL - MySQL PostgreSQL NoSql - AWS GCP - html5 Typescript Next.js - GitHub GitHub Actions - Google Workspace Slack Asana• We only select experienced people with at least 4 years of work experience using Vue.js. (Required) * Currently development is in progress with Vue.js as the front end and node.js as the back end.• More than 6 years of JAVA (Spring-boot) development • More than 6 years of front-end- React JS / Three JS development experience (3 years or more) - Understanding and sense of 3D - Experience in developing mobile web and Mbile web view integration - Experienced in web standard technology - Smooth communication and self-confidence with planning and design staff A person with proactive collaboration skills• 2+ years of team leader experience • Java/SpringBoot and Javascript/NodeJs development experience • Able to design and analyze systems • Project PM experience • Active in communication• More than 3 years of related development experience • Those with publishing skills (HTML CSS Javascript Jquery, etc.) • Those with Vue.js development experience • Basic understanding of HTTP communication Those with design/development experience in RESTful API • Server People with experience collaborating with other teams, such as developers and design staff • People who actively accept and strive to apply new technologies • People who are familiar with collaboration using Git and have the ability to proactively find and solve problems • Dispatched and resident Those who can work• More than 2 years of React Native development experience • Mobile app distribution experience (iOS / Android)- Proficient in using Javascript ES 5/6 - Experience using frameworks such as AngularJS, Vue.JS, and React.• A person with more than 3 years of front-end work experience • A person with experience developing TypeScript React web clients • A person who can write flexible and readable code • A person who understands the essence of the problem and acts to find the answer • Development itself A person who is immersed in problem solving rather than being absorbed in work • A person who considers communication with colleagues important and acts accordingly• More than 3 years of front-end web development experience or equivalent experience • Experience with Vue3 development • Understanding of Javascript Core • Experience in SPA / SSR development/operation • Person with greed for UI/UX details • Data structure network, etc. Those with basic knowledgeㆍThose majoring in computer engineering-related departments ㆍ3 or more years of work experience ㆍExperienced developing information protection/personal information handling systems ㆍExperienced operating/developing back office systems• More than 6 years of development experience • More than 3 years of vuejs web service development and operation • Experience in managing development team growth• Those with a deep understanding of Javascript, HTML, and CSS • Those with development experience using Vue React • Those with experience using the version control system (GIT)• Deep understanding of HTML(5), CSS, and Javascript • More than 3 years of SPA framework-based development such as React Angular Vue • Collaborative ability to define and solve problems with various job groups such as planning/design/operations • UI/UX People who value • Understand design systems and have experience building in collaboration with designers • People who have thought about a better project structure• 5+ years of relevant experience.• ReactJS-based project experience of more than 5 years • Understanding typescript required • Understanding HTML and CSS required- A person who can develop and operate a service using HTML5 React - Develop and operate a Web-App type service - More than 8 years of relevant experience - A culture where people working together are important - Smooth communication skills - A person who can actively create a healthy development team culture• Those with more than 5 years of frontend development experience • Those with a computer engineering major or equivalent major and knowledge • Those with more than 2 years of experience developing and improving React TypeScript-based services • Measurable data-based A person with experience in performance optimization • A person with experience understanding and processing server-side rendering (SSR) • A person with experience writing styled-components and collaborating with designers• A person who deeply empathizes with Samshin’s mission and vision-centered values ​​• A person with a development-related major or at least 3 years of work experience • A person who can communicate smoothly[We need someone like this!] - Those with an understanding of web frameworks such as React.js - Those with experience in HTML CSS JS - Those with an understanding of RESTful API - Those with more than 2 years of above experience [ [This is a technology stack essential for work] - HTML - JavaScript - CSS - React.js• More than 5 years of React TypeScript-based development experience (more than 2 years of native app development experience) • A person with a deep understanding of HTML, CSS, and JavaScript • A person who considers UX/UI very important • Select an appropriate technology stack according to the situation of the product and those who can utilize it • Those who understand the business and can quickly solve problems by discovering and analyzing user problems• More than 5 years of experience designing and developing new services, or someone with equivalent skills • Deep understanding and experience in building React and RESTful-based systems • Understanding and experience in web accessibility, responsive design, and cross-browser compatibility • Web performance optimization Skills and Experience • Ability to work closely with various service stakeholders • Experience in developing services for actual users in the field• Experience leading a development project • Experience building at least one service from the initial stage • Have more than 5 years of development experience • Proficient in using Vue.js, Nuxt.js, React Next.js • Search engine Those with optimization (SEO) experience • Those who are able to configure UI (markup) and apply CSS interactions with designs delivered through Figma • Those who have thought about how to manage the state of web applications [Technology Stack] - TypeScript - Vue.js Nuxt .js -> React Next.js & React Native - Cloud: AWS - CI/CD: Jenkins - Collaboration tool: Swagger Git (Git Flow) Notion Slack Asana Figma• We are looking for someone with more than 4 years of front-end development experience using ReactJS. • We are looking for someone with a deep understanding of JavasScript (ES6 or higher), CSS, and HTML. • We are looking for someone with practical work experience in Javascript React Webpack Babel redux, etc. • We are looking for someone who is skilled in using and collaborating with Git.• FE technology expert who can create an image editor • More than 5 years of React-based SPA front-end development experience • Someone who is not reluctant to respond to a development stack tailored to customer requirements• Majoring in computer science • Those with basic knowledge and experience in programming • Those with deep understanding and experience in browser environments and web programming • Those with basic CS knowledge such as data structures, operating systems, computer architecture, OOP, etc.• More than 5 years of React front-end development practical project experience • Anyone with an understanding of REST API • Experience using collaboration tools such as Git Jira• More than 3 years of React development experience • Experience using state management libraries such as Redux • Experience using REST API Websocket• A person with at least 5 years of front-end development experience • A person with experience leading a team of at least 5 people and coaching and nurturing team members • A person who is proficient in at least one front-end framework • At least one development experience A person who is fluent in the language, familiar with development, and has no hesitation in solving technical challenges • A person who has no hesitation in introducing tools and infrastructure to improve development efficiency • A person with experience in Automated Testing CI CD • You are the best A person who accurately knows the attitude and role of a follower and can clearly preach and disseminate the content to members• More than 5 years of web front-end development experience (PHP java node.js, etc.) • A person with a strong understanding of search engine optimization • A person with a strong understanding of the HTTPS protocol • A person with a strong understanding of system automation • JavaScript /Proficient in using TypeScript • Experienced in developing one or more products • Experienced in performing live launch/operation management of one or more products#Skills and Experience • More than 5 years of front-end development experience • More than 2 years of experience developing and improving React Next.js Typescript-based services • People with a deep understanding of web technologies and frameworks such as SPA SSR • A person with experience as a front-end development team leader or technical leading experience (playing coach style leader preferred) #Attitude • A person who continuously thinks about improving services from the customer's perspective • A person who knows the joy of collaboration and can communicate actively but humbly • A person who gives trust to colleagues through transparent and planned work management • A person who can lead his own growth and the growth of his team members • A person who can focus on finding the cause and improving it rather than taking responsibility when faced with a problem • Code People who are active in reviews• We need someone with more than 3 years of experience in App-Front development, such as Flutter Jaca. • We need someone with experience in leading product or SaaS service development. • We need someone with a deep understanding of HTML flutter JavaScript. • We need someone with extensive experience in UI/UX.- Those with more than 7 years of related work experience - Those who are familiar with using major front-end technologies (HTML CSS JavaScript) - Those who have development experience using major front-end libraries (React Vue) - Those who have an understanding of responsive web development - Structured Anyone who has experience designing systems with reusability in mind or is interested in it• A person with more than 5 years of web/front-end development experience • A person with more than 3 years of Vue development experience • A person who can communicate smoothly with other people • A person with experience managing outsourced front-end development • TypeScript (Vue React Next.js) • Those with experience in front-end development, etc. • Those with development experience using REST API • Those with experience in understanding and developing HTML CSS JavaScript • Those with collaboration experience using GitㆍThose with more than 5 years of front-end development experience or equivalent capabilities ㆍThose who are proficient in one or more programming languages ​​ㆍThose who are capable of developing modern web front-ends using technologies such as React Vue.js ㆍDeveloping new webview apps Anyone who canThose with more than 5 years of front-end experience or equivalent capabilities. Those with 3 to 5 years of front-end experience, or those with confidence and passion. Those who can smoothly collaborate with various stakeholders (back-end planning project owners). Those with deployment experience in a container environment. minute- Those with more than 5 years of front-end development experience or similar experience - Those with development and release experience with TypeScript React NextJs - Those familiar with Git version management - Those with interest and understanding of UI/UX . - Those with experience in UI development considering responsive design, web accessibility, and web standards - Those who can understand and organize requirements through smooth communication with various stakeholders - Experience in analyzing/responsive to service performance and failures- Education: College graduate or higher - Experience: 4 to 8 years - Major: Computer engineering or related major - Experience in complex front-end development using React• More than 5 years of React development experience • Excellent SW development skills • Java Javascript language developer• Source code version management using Git & Github • Javascript Typescript • Vue • Understanding of Cascading Style Sheets • REST API experience • Github link required- Experience developing React-based (SPA) web services - Experience developing global data processing such as Redux mobX Experience with stable state management. - Any major, but at least 1 year of experience developing and continuously improving an actual service - A person with a solid understanding of basic layout using HTML and CSS and the ability to manipulate it freely - A person with experience in establishing a collaborative process with other developers[Front-end technology stack] • React + Typescript • Style: Emotion • Build: Vite • DVC: Git • etc. : Storybook • Deployment environment: ECR + EC2 (NGINX with Docker) with Gitlab CI [Qualification requirements] • At least 3 years of front-end development experience and equivalent experience • Preference given to those with React experience, but other frameworks are preferred Those who have no difficulty using React • Those who care about working in accordance with web standards when working on markup • Those who have experience using Git and have thought about branching strategies • Not only on-premise environments but also cloud (AWS) environments • Those with experience deploying services • Those with experience improving legacy • Those with experience using Storybook • Those with code review experience • Those with basic knowledge of front-end web development, such as Javascript, HTML5, React CSS, etc. • Those with an understanding of Internet-based protocols and technologies such as HTTP REST API OAuth〓 I’m looking for someone like this! 〓 • Skills possessed: Server-side script (PHP) Javascript and libraries (jQuery) Front-end framework (Bootstrap) Markup (HTML CSS) RDBMS (MySQL) • A person with consideration and personality to work happily with colleagues • Related Field College graduate (4 years) Major - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -• Those with more than 4 years of modern web development (React Vue, etc.) experience or equivalent capabilities • Those with intermediate or higher Javascript capabilities • Those skilled in development using CSS preprocessors such as Semantic Markup and Sass Stylus • SPA Framework Those with an understanding of • Those with a high understanding of Web Performance • Those who want to grow into better engineers than they are now• Education: College graduate or higher • More than 5 years of front-end development experience or equivalent skills • Experience in front-end development with React • Experience in iOS/Android development • Proactive problem-solving ability and ability to introduce new technologies A person with no resistance • A person who enjoys collaboration with colleagues from various fields based on smooth communication skillsWe plan to use these technologies: * Some changes are possible upon consultation after hiring (you can build the desired environment after consultation) • Next.js TypeScript • Emotion react-query redux Storybook Jest graphql We are looking for people like these: • 4+ years of experience Experience in developing a modern FE framework using React.js/Next.js, etc. • Experience in improving frontend performance, such as rendering optimization. • Experience in developing state management such as Redux, jotai, and mobx. These types of people are recommended: • People with experience from product development to product delivery to customers • Interested in the latest technology and optimization • People who are active in communication with team members- Christian (those who attend church) - Next.js / React.js experience: Experience using Next.js in actual projects - Front-end technology: HTML CSS JS React.js practical knowledge - Experience using Docker: In a containerized environment Development and deployment experience. - Team work ability: version control collaboration tool• More than 5 years of mobile app development experience required • Those with Android and iOS native app development experience • Those with React Native app development experience • Those skilled in development using Javascript or Typescript • Efficient deployment using CodePush, etc. Person with management experience • Person capable of deep understanding and implementation of user-centered UI/UX design• Those with an understanding of HTML CSS Javascript (ES5+)/TypeScript • Those with an understanding of Rest API (HTTP/HTTPS) • Those skilled in using the React NextJS framework • Those skilled in using Git • Those with expertise in various fields A person with the ability to collaborate and communicate with people• Looking for someone with between 5 and 7 years of experience. • Looking for someone with a deep understanding of HTML, Javascript, and CSS. • Looking for someone with a deep understanding of HTTP/HTTPS. • We are looking for someone with experience building web services using Node.js Next.js React. • We are looking for someone who has implemented a responsive web that can provide the optimal UI according to the screen size. • We are looking for someone who knows how to use technologies such as Webpack ESBuild SWC Babel CI/CD: Bitbucket Pipeline and AWS Pipeline.• Those with more than 3 years of related experience • Those with a general understanding of web services • Those with experience leading development projects • Those with experience in multiple projects using React TypeScript Next.js• Those with more than 3 years of front-end development experience or equivalent capabilities • Those who are proficient in using the latest JavaScript TypeScript, such as ES6+ • Those with an understanding of markup, including HTML SCSS • Web API (or RESTful API) client development People with experience and understanding• Regardless of education/gender • 5+ years of experience in SPA-based libraries/frameworks such as React, Vue, Angular, etc. • Individuals with HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and TypeScript development skills• Those with more than 5 years of web front-end development experience • Those skilled in using modern JavaScript/TypeScript such as ES6+ • Those familiar with branch management and collaboration using Git • Experience writing unit tests & E2E tests • Those active in introducing new technology stacks • Anyone interested in or experienced in the digital marketing field- Those with development experience or a high understanding of React Typescript - Those who are capable of positive and self-directed growth - Those who have an understanding of the operating principles of the web and networks - Those who are skilled in asynchronous data processing * Supplementary roles include military service examination Only those who have achieved level 4 can apply.• More than 4 years of front-end (ReactJS / VueJS) development • Experience developing Typescript Javascript HTML CSS3* Meisa is looking for someone like this! - (Required) Those with more than 5 years of frontend development experience - Those who are proficient in using HTML5 CSS3 Javascript (ES6 or higher) - Those with experience developing web services based on React Typescript - React-Query Recoil Zustand, etc. Those who have experience using state management patterns - Those who are concerned about a good structure that is scalable and easy to maintain - Those who have a strong will to identify problems with existing products (UI/UX) or code and actively solve them - A person with collaboration skills and smooth communication skills to define problems and find solutions with colleagues in various fields, such as PO designers. * What is the necessary technology stack? - React / Typescript / Jest / Babel / Webpack - React-query / Styled Component / Material-UI - Leaflet.js / Three.js - Github• Practical experience in at least one environment among React.js and vue.js • Ability to utilize typescript • 3+ years of practical experience in web front-end development• Those with more than 3 years of web development experience • Those with development experience in the NodeJS + Express environment • Those with good communication and collaboration skills [Work-related technology stack] • NodeJS + Express • MySQL • Operational tool: AWS Azure • Collaboration tools: github figma Slack, etc.• Those who are interested in boot camps, including employment as a developer • Those with excellent communication skills • Those with strengths in processing and documenting operational tasks • Those who work proactively with ownership • Those who have the confidence to work diligently with a sense of responsibility• More than 6 years of front-end development experience • A person with excellent technical understanding and problem-solving skills based on a deep understanding of JavaScript • A person who understands and can handle React development flow proficiently • Develops and releases React / Typescript-based services in practice Experience • Understanding of web service development that can respond to multiple users and various device and platform environments • A person who independently creates work and takes responsibility for the product• More than 5 years of front-end web development experience or equivalent experience • More than 2 years of experience developing and improving React Typescript-based services • Understanding of Javascript Core • Experience in SPA and SSR development/operation • Continuous service improvement in a production environment and Operational Experience • Active person for quality improvement, including architecture design, proposed code review, and testing• More than 2 years of front-end development experience using ReactJS and NextJS • Collaboration with designers through Figma • Communication and problem-solving skills • Experience in code version management using Git-flow • Self-directed task-solving abilityㆍThose with development experience that effectively utilizes the characteristics of the mobile web ㆍThose with experience developing tools based on HTML5 Canvas ㆍThose with experience using REST API using JWT ㆍThose with more than 3 years of experience in React-based front-end development• A person with more than 5 years of experience or equivalent skills • Basic knowledge of web/mobile UI HTML/CSS • Able to collaborate among team members and communicate smoothly with other departments • An understanding of web accessibility and web standards cross-browsing Experience • Development experience with Front-End framework (Recat Vue) • Experience leading Front-End work within a project• Those with development experience in SPAs such as React Vue.js • Those with development experience in TypeScript • Those with development experience using RESTful API• Newcomers can apply • More than 3 years of experience in Reactjs Next.js TypeScript Recoil React-Query styled-components, etc. • Those with a deep understanding of HTML, CSS, and JavaScript • Those who strive to actively apply new technologies • Git/Jira Those who are familiar with collaboration using /Confluence/Slack • Those who have the ability to proactively find and solve problems • Those who hold a disability registration card or can issue a disability certificate • Must include disability type on resume• Education: Computer-related major • Experience: More than 6 years (more than 1 year of experience leading a team of 4 or more people as a development organization manager) • Experience with Android or iOS development and distribution/operation • HTML (5) CSS javascript ( A person with at least basic knowledge of ES5) • A person with the collaborative ability to find solutions with various job groups• Individuals with Angular 15+ Typescript (> 5.0) ES8+-based development experience • Experience in implementing SCSS-based Theming • Experience in Test Coverage management • Individuals capable of smooth communication • Individuals who develop with an understanding of business, not development that satisfies planning documents • A person who places a high value on good UI/UX• A 4-year college graduate or higher • Good communication skills, voluntary and active work performance ability • More than 3 years of React development experience • Document screening ＞ 1st interview ＞ 2nd interview ＞ Executive interview ＞ Final acceptance * For research positions, before interview screening Coding test in progress • We will request an interview schedule in the order in which documents are received. • If false information is discovered, employment may be cancelled. [Notes when applying] • Please write down detailed technical experience, knowledge, etc. • If necessary, please attach or write down your Github link portfolio, etc.ㆍMore than 5 years of practical experience in mobile app-related fields ㆍMore than 3 years of practical experience in React Native development ㆍExperience using Git with RESTful API integration ㆍPeople who can design/implement/test given functions and UI/UX requirements ㆍ People with experience in app distribution ㆍPeople with experience in understanding and using Typescript• More than 6 years of front-end development experience (at least 3 years of React front-end development experience) - Proficient in web application development using React / Next.js - Deep understanding of HTML CSS Typescript/Javascript - Context API Those with experience using state management libraries such as Redux and mobx - Those with an understanding of RESTful API and HTTP requests and responses - Those with experience deploying and operating AWS-based services - Those with experience managing source code through Git - Rendering optimization, etc. People with knowledge and experience in improving front-end performance • Experience in developing their own solutions or services - Experience developing SaaS - Experience developing in agile or sprint methods • People who have good collaboration and communication with various job groups• Experience: 6 years or more • Education: Associate degree or higher • Major: Computer major required • Experience with development related to React (Next.js) • Experience with SPA PWA • Understand the structure of SSR SEO, etc. • Those who have no problems using the latest ECMAScript • Those who have experience using SCSS/SASS • Those who have experience communicating with Figma• More than 5 years of work experience • Familiar with JAVA and capable of at least one other language • Experience in Web Application development using Spring framework (Spring Boot) required • Experience in developing web services or APIs based on MVC framework • Experience with RDBMS such as Maria DB required • Ability to use basic Linux/Unix commands.- A person with at least 6 years of experience in front-end web development - A person with an overall understanding of web service configuration - A person with a deep understanding of Javascript and ECMA standards - An understanding and use of superset languages ​​such as TypeScript Those with experience - Those with experience in various user environments such as Mobile/PC (Web view within mobile app, responsive web) - Those with a high understanding of HTML/CSS• Those with more than 5 years of experience in front-end development/operation • Those who can act as a Principle Engineer [Common] • Those who are expected to graduate or have graduated from a 4-year university • Those who are not disqualified from traveling abroad • Those who can support individual and team development through feedback A person who actively promotes • A person who can communicate smoothly in collaboration within and outside the development team • A person who is not averse to pair/mob programming • A person who has basic knowledge of computer engineering such as OS network database • Version control and collaboration through Git Experienced person • A person who understands the problem accurately and analyzes the cause before solving the problem to fundamentally solve the problem • A person who has excellent communication skills and enjoys sharing his or her experiences and learnings with colleagues (company-wide)• A person with more than 7 years of front-end development experience • A person skilled in using TypeScript, React.js, HTML, and CSS • A person with problem-solving skills through logical thinking • A person with smooth communication skills between team members and the organization• No academic background/with more than 2 years of relevant practical work experience • Those with flexible communication capabilities • Those who are sensitive to trends and have a lot of curiosity • Those who can utilize javascript / typescript • Those with experience using RxJS• Job-related major, such as computer engineering or computer science • At least 3 years of relevant experience • Portfolio submission required during the first interview• More than 5 years of experience developing SPA applications such as Vue React • High understanding of HTML/CSS/Javascript (es6+) • Experience in continuous service improvement and operation in a production environment • Various skills including planning/design/backend A person who has the collaborative ability to define problems and find solutions together with the job group • A person who shares information and knowledge with team members and is interested in new technologies and pursues continuous growth• At least 5 years of web development experience required (Proficient in HTML, CSS, and JavaScript) • Experience and deep understanding of web development frameworks such as Vue.js, React.js, and Angular.js • Frameworks A person with experience developing a web application from scratch to production launch • A person with extensive experience in linking with Backend API (including third party API) • A person capable of mentoring junior developers and guiding developmento More than 7 years of development o Familiar with HTML CSS and Javascript o Familiar with React.js or React Native practical development experience o Individuals with the ability to collaborate and communicate smoothly with various job groups such as planning/design/operations o Tailwind Those who have used it o Those who are familiar with Typescript o Those who have experience managing global state using Recoil Zustand Redux o Those who have built a Mono Repository system• Those with more than 7 years of service development/operation experience in front-end work • Those skilled in using SPA frameworks such as React/Vue/Angular • Those familiar with developing services linked to REST API • Understanding web standards and web accessibility Those with a high level of professionalism • Those who are interested in new technologies and continuously learn on their own • Those who enjoy team play and communicate positively and proactively • Those who are able to communicate and collaborate smoothly with various job groups such as planning/designIn order to perform the front-end product engineer role in SlogUp, the following requirements are required. Additionally, training is provided to strengthen work skills for the relevant requirements. - Those with more than 5 years of product development experience or equivalent skills - Those who can use Typescript / React / React Native or are comfortable learning a new language - Those who have an understanding of Rest API - Effectively publish designed results who can do it1. This is what front-end developers do. Hiritsoft front-end developers carry out overall front-end development work for the ‘Mader’ service. I am in charge of website development based on vue.js. 2. We are looking for this kind of person - Someone with more than 3 years of work experience - Someone who can derive results based on logic - Someone who can manage their own goals and schedule in a free work environment - Passion for learning A person who continuously and effectively gives and receives feedback - A person who has ownership of the work and is passionate about completing it[We're looking for someone like this!] • 1 year of Vue.js development experience or 2 years of related development experience • Proficient in basic web front-end skills such as HTML JavaScript CSS • Familiar with MVC MVVM patterns• A person with more than 5 years of web front-end experience • A person with experience in web development using REST API • A person with practical experience and understanding of React JS TypeScript • A person with experience in writing and distributing Unit / E2E tests • Those with standards for project structure and design patterns • Those with experience developing server-side rendering (SSR) • Those with smooth communication and collaboration skills• Approximately 7+ years of web development experience • Approximately 4+ years of SPA (React, etc.)-based technology experience • Ability to develop sustainable code • Ability to solve problems in the actual product operation process, such as performance improvement and error tracking • Cultural/technical skills for the front-end team Ability to provide guidance and ideas• 3+ years of experience • Understanding of C++11 standard OOP STL 2D/3D Graphics • Person with system design and implementation capabilities • Person with smooth communication skills• 2+ years of WebGL-related development experience • Ability to use WebGL libraries (Three.js or Babylon.js)• Experienced in developing and operating web applications with at least 3 years of practical experience or equivalent capabilities • Possess basic knowledge of HTML (5), CSS javascript (at least ES5) and Angular • Experience with RDBMS such as MySQL (Maria DB) • Overseas travel and A person who is not disqualified from working• Those with more than 3 years of experience developing based on SPA frameworks such as React and Angular Vue • Those with experience developing state management such as Redux • Those who are interested in solving domain problems and implementing them • Will and desire to grow A strong person • A person with service-oriented thinking and flexible communication skills • A person with at least 5 years of experience building and operating services • A person with a deep understanding of HTML, CSS, and JavaScript • A person who communicates with colleagues in various fields Those who enjoy collaborating • Those with the flexibility to make rational decisions centered on customers, not limited to technology • Those with experience using collaboration tools such as Confluence or Jira • Project analysis/design and project leading/development Those who are available• Those with more than 4 years of front-end development experience using React and Next.js • Those with experience managing global state using Redux or Recoil • Those familiar with type definitions using Typescript • Those with experience using React-Query Those who are skilled in server data management • Those who are thirsty for challenge and success • Those who want to prove themselves by changing the world • Those who are obsessed with achieving their goals- Experience in Vuejs development - Experience in using Postgres mybatis - More than 7 years of relevant experience (10 years or more preferred) - Experience with Spring Boot and its use - Those with an understanding of HTML/CSS - Ability to configure UI framework• College graduate or higher education • More than 5 years of experience • Development experience in one or more of React, Vue and Angular • Experience in javascript development • Experience in Typescript developmentI'd like to work with someone like this - A person with more than 5 years of experience in web front-end development - A person with experience leading a front-end development organization - A person with experience working to write React and TypeScript well - A person with experience developing MyMusicTaste's web products A technician who carries out assigned tasks within the agile development process with a sense of responsibility - A team player who knows how to accept other people's opinions and connects designers, QA, and back-end developers based on diverse knowledge and skills regarding the front end - A better front end As active explorers who continually research new web development technologies to improve end architecture and development processes, the Mamute front-end team covers the following technologies. - Core: React TypeScript Next.js - Styling: Ditto (internal design system) styled-components - Build: Siva (internal build system) Webpack - Test: Jest Testing Library MSW Storybook - CI/CD: Jenkins Docker Github ActionFlutter (required) React (optional) Basic JavaScript and CSS knowledge• Those who have experience building various deployment environments (Kubernetes Cloudfront & AWS S3, etc.) • Those who have an understanding of HTTP communication • Those who are familiar with using Git Github and have a preferred branch strategy • Set up bundlers, compilers, etc. • Those who have experience in understanding and improving SEO and performance • Those who have experience building CI CDs using Github action Jenkins CircleCI, etc. • Those who can select the appropriate technology according to requirements • Anyone who has experience migrating a legacy code base to a new technology stack• Experience: 7+ years of experience • Development experience utilizing React • RESTful API client development • Jest Webpack Storybook • Experience using collaboration tools: AWS Git Jira Notion • Logical/systematic problem-solving and communication skills• More than 5 years of similar/related work experience• A person with team leading or project leading experience • A person with more than 7 years of React/Next.js/Typescript-based development experience or with equivalent capabilities • A person with extensive knowledge and experience in AWS operation methods such as EC2 Cloud Front S3 • Those with extensive CI/CD knowledge and experience, such as Github Action Jenkins Docker • Those with experience developing both PC and mobile environments on the web (responsive web web view) • Those with advanced web technology concepts such as web accessibility and web standard cross-browsing • A person skilled in using status management modules such as Zustand, Mobx, Redux Recoil, etc. • A person with experience in various device environments (mobile web view, responsive web) • A person who is not averse to collaboration such as code reviews and can lead the process • A person who is able to lead the process of team members A person who can collect diverse opinions and communicate persuasively with other departments- A person with more than 5 years of experience in front-end development - A person with a deep understanding of React Typescript Javascript - A person who understands the differences and flow of each platform and can construct a page appropriate for it - A person with a knack for asynchronous processing (async) Those with an understanding of - Those with an understanding of REST API• We are looking for someone with more than 5 years of React or React Native development and operation experience, or equivalent development experience. • We are looking for someone with a deep understanding of HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. • We are looking for someone who has experience with one project cycle (from service design to construction and release). • We are looking for someone who understands and has thought about development culture.• Those with more than 7 years of frontend development and operation experience or equivalent capabilities • Those with experience using at least one Javascript Modern Render Framework (Vuejs React, etc.) • Those with experience developing Typescript-based web services • SPA/CSR/ Those with a high level of experience or understanding of SSR SEOQualifications A person who has experience staying at Place Camp Jeju A person who does what he or she likes, enjoys the work itself, and enjoys the pleasure of growing together A person who has his or her own clear mood and taste Nervous when talking to strangers However, people who feel more excitement than stresspreferred- Those who can communicate in English - Those who have project or collaboration experience - Those who can communicate well with project managers• Those with more than 3 years of front-end development experience • Those with experience developing back-office-related programs • Those with experience developing screens using Chart DataGrid • Those with experience in Next.js / Typescript-based projects • React Vue Those with experience in Angular Svelte or similar modern front-end frameworks • Those with experience collaborating using Figma • Those with an understanding of blockchain • Those with development experience using blockchain SDKs such as web3.js• Developer proficient in using one or more server-side languages ​​(Java Python GO javascript Kotlin, etc.) • Experienced in server development projects • Experienced in DevOps/development in Linux/Unix environments • Experienced in AWS CloudBack-end developer preference - Those who can improve the structure of WAS implemented in JSP as an API server - Those with eCommerce project experience - Those with or able to build and operate infrastructure in AWS - Those who know and can use Linux kernel commands - CI Those who are interested in or capable of automating tasks such as /CD. Front-end developer preference - Those who can implement and apply figma output (color system, text system components, etc.) to development sources - Those with eCommerce project experience - tailwindCSS or styled- A person who can handle components- Those with experience developing services based on microservice architecture - Those with experience developing java/Kotlin/Spring framework boot batch servers - Those with extensive experience in related projects such as E-Commerce - Those with React development experience - DevOps (AWS) Those with development experience - Those with experience in concurrency control and performance tuning - Those with experience in test automation and deployment automation - Those with experience in developing and improving in-house products - Those with experience developing high-performance, large-capacity systems Who can submit a portfolio?• Those with experience in Java development • Those with experience in web/app application development • Those with experience in development, release and operation from the initial design of a service • Those with development experience in the AWS environmentExperienced in developing shopping mall integrated solutions such as Cellmate/EasyAdmin/Sabangnet• Experience participating in the initial design, launch and operation of services • Experience monitoring and optimizing web service performance and quality • Experience in understanding and improving responsive web SEO web accessibility web standards • Experience in developing web services based on server-side rendering • Experience in CI/CD operation and construction, including build and distribution automation and testing automation • Person with basic knowledge of infrastructure• Experience in performance optimization and test code writing • Collaboration experience through code reviews • Unit testing and UI testing experience • TypeScript development experience • SSR webview development experience • Anyone interested in continuous exploration and application of new technologies • Feedback and application through collaboration Those who value growth• Those with experience optimizing front-end performance • Those with experience developing web views • Those with basic understanding of cloud services such as AWS Lambda S3• Those with experience developing and operating B2C services • Those with a keen interest in functional programming • Those with an understanding of GraphQL Relay • Those with experience with React Native• A person with experience working in the relevant position• Those with experience developing React based on Typescript • Those with experience developing hybrid application frameworks such as React Native • Those with a lot of concerns about optimizing service performance • Those with positive and smooth communication in code reviews • Experience working at startups Anyone who has• Experience with complex state management in React • Experience with managing dark mode responsive web page I18N- All basic support available to developers is available. - Guaranteed unprecedented growth in your career.[If you have this kind of experience, even better!] • Experience leveraging manageable technical debt to create impact and repay it in a timely manner • Experience identifying valuable test code and thinking deeply about testable structures • Performance optimization People with experience creating business impact through • People who consider business impact as important as technical aspirations• Those with experience in server side rendering or back-end development • Those with experience in TDD or writing test code • Those with experience improving front-end performance such as rendering optimization • Those who find joy in solving difficult problems Use Finda on the front-end Technologies being used • React TypeScript Next.js Redux Redux-Saga Tailwindcss • Yarn Berry TurboRepo • GitHub Actions ArgoCD ELK Sentry.io Recruitment journey • Document screening ＞ 1st interview ＞ 2nd interview ＞ 3rd interview ＞ Reference check ＞ Treatment agreement ＞ Final acceptance • Some procedures may change depending on the applicant's experience and recruitment status. • Industrial technical personnel support available. (new transfer or transfer to active duty or former supplementary service)• Experience using Next.js MobX • Interest and challenging spirit in new languages ​​and development• Development experience using Typescript • Experience using state management libraries such as Redux Recoil • Understanding RESTful API • Experience with GIT collaboration tool • Smooth communication skills • People who enjoy learning new technologies and the process- Experience in blockchain service development and service - A person who executes quickly and analyzes efficiency without fear of failure- Those who have directly selected and tried items on their own - Those who have developed and released services while communicating with designers - Those who feel joy in learning challenging and new things - Those who decide and proceed with tasks on their own rather than just doing the given tasks People you like (※ Preferential treatment is absolutely not required. Anyone who wants to learn and grow is very welcome!) (Full Stack CEO, a former Naver developer, will actively mentor you)- Interest in virtual asset (digital asset) financial blockchain• It is better if you are considerate of your colleagues and value teamwork. • If you have Typescript experience, even better. • It is even better if you are skilled in using a module bundler. • It is even better if you have experience developing and operating data analysis services.• Development experience related to logistics, courier, quick service, etc. • Mobility domain development experience • Experience in development, launch and operation from initial design of a service • Interested in user-centered UI/UX• Those with development experience using unit tests • Those with AWS infrastructure experience • Those with experience understanding and processing server-side rendering (SSR) • Those with experience measuring and optimizing website performance- Those who have experience writing unit e2e test code through Jest Testing-library - Those who have experience configuring a project environment using Webpack Babel - Those who have experience developing BFF (Backend For Frontend) - Those who have experience developing e-commerce platforms - Those with development experience in the agile sprint MVP unit development process - Those with experience creating components or libraries by generalizing requirements - Those with a computer engineering major or equivalent major and knowledge• If you have Typescript experience, even better. • It is even better if you are skilled in using a module bundler. • Experience with server-side rendering (SSR) development is even better. • It would be better if you have experience developing and operating financial/fintech and commerce services.• Developer with experience in all stages of a project from start to completion • From project planning stage to completion of development, QA operation (maintenance), etc. • Developer with a high understanding of Scrum or experience through projects • Experience in back-end service development and back-end development Those with a strong understanding of • Those with experience automating unit testing and integration tests • Those with experience automating deployments • Those with experience deploying products, especially using Google Cloud Platform (GCP) • Those with experience measuring and optimizing website performance minute• Those who want to experience the culture of a fast-growing startup • Those who are interested in new technology • Those who have experience writing technical documents • Those who can communicate and document in English• Those who are fluent in English are preferred • Those who like Javascript • Those who have development experience using Typescript • Those who are interested in the latest development trends and like to share them • Developers who think about how to do rather than what to do • Better Those who pursue architecture and code • Those who have experience tuning website performance[Preferences] • Knowledge and experience improving front-end performance, such as rendering optimization.【This kind of person is better!】 • Experience in UI/UX development considering responsive design, web accessibility, and web standards • Someone familiar with writing test code and oriented toward a code review culture • Person for requirements analysis and collaboration with other developers A person with good communication skills • A person with experience in performance issues, memory leaks, and network profiling• Those who majored in computer science or computer engineering • Those who have expertise in Codeit’s development stack (described in main tasks) • Those who have some sense of design • Those who speak English well (additional preference if Bilingual) ) • Anyone who has worked at an IT startup 【 This is how you join 】 1. Submit documents 2. Pre-assignment 3. Interview 4. Join • After reviewing the documents, you may be contacted by phone. (In this case, we will contact you in advance.) • We will give you a preliminary assignment after passing the documents. We provide an assignment fee when you submit an assignment. • Interviews related to the algorithmic job culture fit will be held, and all interviews will be held at the Code It office for one day. • Reference checks are conducted after the interview. • Reference checks are carried out after obtaining consent from the applicant and providing detailed information in advance about the process and deadlines. Depending on the applicant, this procedure may be omitted. 【 Submission Documents 】 • (Required) Resume • (Required) Please tell us your motivation for applying to Code It. (*No character limit) • (Optional) Portfolio such as GitHub blog 【 Please refer to 】 • In case of full-time employment, there is a 3-month probationary period. • Depending on the results of the probationary period evaluation, the probationary period may be extended or employment may be cancelled. • You can apply as a military service exception (former industrial technical personnel newly transferred to supplementary service). • While I am in charge of developing the Boot Camp project, I will be working at WeWork in Euljiro as part of the Boot Camp Division. After the project is completed, I will be working at Signature Tower as part of the product team.• Experience in using OAuth • Ability to develop Vue.JS • Ability to develop Next.JS • Ability to develop React Native • Experience in developing sites that comply with web accessibility • Experience in developing online education sites (LMS) such as credit banksThose who have an understanding of RESTful API Those who are familiar with version management using Git Those who are not reluctant to learn a new language· Those with startup experience · Major: Computer Science/Computer Engineering Applied Software Engineering Information/Communication Engineering · Technology Stack: React React Native Next.js lamda Javascript HTML CSSPreferences • Those with a degree in computer science or computing • Those with experience visualizing complex data• Arrive at “10:30 am” in the morning and “leave work at 6:30 pm” • A total of 20 days of annual leave is provided for one year • Stock options are paid based on work performance• Experience using TypeScript • Experience using Kotlin / Swift • Experience developing media content services • Experience developing smart TV apps • Experience launching apps/web services ※Technology stack The Raftel front-end team is currently mainly using the following technologies. • Typescript Node.js React React Native git(Github)• Those with server-side development experience or a basic understanding of the backend • Those with experience developing SPA-based web services • Those with experience developing static type languages ​​such as TypeScript Flow [Technology Stack] • JavaScript TypeScript React. js • Redux React-sweet-state SWR • Lemonbase Design System Ant Design Emotion Jest Storybook • React Native Webpack Babel Docker GitHub Actions + a [How the Lemonbase Frontend Chapter works] • What various user personas (member leader administrators) are experiencing We research and improve methods to effectively solve problems. • Managers want convenience features that save them management time and dashboards that give them an at-a-glance view of results. To achieve this, Lemonbase front-end engineers take on various technical challenges related to data visualization and operational convenience for administrators. • Leaders also want a UX that is easy to use like members and a dashboard that allows them to view their direct members at a glance like a manager. To this end, Lemonbase front-end engineers have experience improving data visualization and usability features. • Experience building a design system while closely communicating with designers using the Storybook Zeroheight Figma tool. • In addition to engineering groups and chapters, engineers will belong to squads corresponding to their purpose organizations. During the onboarding process, we observe all squad meetings and go through a process of understanding the products each squad is responsible for, the way they work, and the values ​​they consider important. After that, we communicate with the leader and decide which squad to belong to. [When applying, please submit your answers to the questions below.] • We will conduct the interview by referring to the information you wrote during the interview, so we would appreciate it if you could answer with sincerity. Q. How did you learn about lemon base? Why did you apply to Lemon Base?• A person who aims to lead the team through technical leadership and promote team growth with members • A person who has experience leading technical trials in a team • A person with a high understanding of Micro-Frontend • A person with experience operating a Mono repository • Those with experience developing CDD using Storybook • Those with experience developing content or commerce domains • Those with experience measuring and optimizing website performance or a strong understanding of web accessibility • Those with experience in unit testing e2e testing• Automation-oriented • Open source activity-oriented • Those who always think about testing • Those who are deeply concerned about software development • Those who have experience in development and operation of commercialized services• Those with experience in server-side rendering (SSR) and web app development within mobile apps • Those with experience measuring and optimizing website performance • Those with back-end development experience or understanding of back-end development (Database RESTful API, etc.) • Static&Stateless SSR Those who have experience in site development • Those who are familiar with using state management patterns such as Redux • Those who like to worry about improving UI/UX • Those who have a high interest in or understanding of new technologiesPreferential treatment is not required, but if you have experience with the requirements below, we will be a good fit. We also welcome those who wish to strengthen the requirements below. - Those who have a high level of understanding of the business and can implement the relevant goals - Those who have more than 2 years of product development experience or equivalent skills - Those who can solve problems rather than implement to achieve goals - Collaborate with designer PMs and A person who can communicate smoothly - A person with experience in the entire cycle from product A to Z - A person with leadership - A person with experience playing a large role in a small startup - A person with understanding and skills in performance optimization - TDD / A person capable of BDD-based development - A person who is skilled in handling GUI interaction animation• Those with React development experience • Those with experience using Node.js • Those who can utilize CSS HTML Javascript jquery React skills- Those with a degree in computer engineering - Those with project experience using Typescript/React.js/Node.js - Those with experience optimizing front-end performance in large-scale service development projects - Mobile in e-commerce or fashion/beauty-related domains Those with experience participating in service projects - Those who have trouble sleeping when looking at technical debt [Other information] ※ Selection Guide Document screening - 1st interview (Live Coding) - Online personality test - 2nd interview (Whiteboard test) - Reference Check - Treatment screening/health checkup - Pass *Skill test selection will be conducted when recruiting for Olive Young development positions. (Effective from October) *Interview methods and processes may change depending on the job. *If you pass the recruitment, a 3 month probationary period will apply. *If false information is found in the application, employment may be cancelled. *Document submission is only possible for one announcement. (Duplicate applications are not allowed) *Document screening closes at 23:59:00 on the closing date, so please pay attention to the timing when applying.* Those with experience in collaboration tools such as Figma Slack, Jira, Discord Notion, etc. * Those with experience in Web3 development * Those with experience in responsive design * Those with interest in design patterns * Those with experience using style libraries such as MUI TailwindCSS * Typescript Anyone interested in * Anyone interested in Next.js[It is better if you have this kind of experience] • Those who can choose technologies from the perspective of product and problem solving • Those who have an understanding of software design principles such as SOLID clean architecture • Those who can improve product quality through technologies such as test code or rendering build optimization • Those with experience in increasing cloud environments such as AWS Docker • Those with an understanding of container-based environments • Those interested in improving DX (Developer Experience) • Those who know the concepts of CI / CD • Colleagues (developers) A person with experience communicating with a designer/planner) • A person with experience in Webview development [I want to work with colleagues like this] • I think developers at Nubi Lab are not technicians, but problem solvers who work with colleagues to solve customer problems. We want colleagues who can work with the mindset that developers, designers, and planners are all people gathered together to solve a single problem. • If I were to define the culture of the Nubi Lab team in one word, I think it would be ‘a team where anyone can lead.’ I want a colleague who has the attitude to take the lead and overcome problems, whether cultural or in the smallest details. • I want a colleague who focuses on solving problems through technology, not technology for technology's sake. • I look at the technologies used to solve problems from a variety of perspectives. As an engineer, I want a colleague who can rationally select and use technology by looking at it and comparing it with similar technologies. • I want someone who enjoys learning and can sympathize with a culture of sharing. [Technology stack] • TypeScript next.js react recoil react-query emotion framer-motion • AWS Services (Amplify Fargate, etc.) • yarn yarn berry turborepo • gitHub gitHub action • figma [Working conditions are as follows] • Work type: Full-time (3 months promotion period / 100% salary paid) • Work location: 6th floor, Deokmyeong Building, 625 Teheran-ro, Gangnam-gu, Seoul (3-minute walk from Samsung Station) • Working days/hours: 5 days a week (Mon-Fri) / 40 hours a week (8-11 a.m. staggered work schedule) • Treatment and compensation: Individual We will discuss after the interview based on your competency and experience. [It is better if you write your resume like this] • Please describe the most challenging experience you have had while working as a front-end engineer. • Please describe any experience you have contributed to the product from a ‘user side’ perspective. • Rather than simply listing tasks, please describe any impressive experiences you have during your work, such as the lessons you learned and the parts you were most concerned about technically. [Recruitment Process] 1. Recruitment process: Document screening ＞ 1st phone interview ＞ 2nd practical interview ＞ Reference Check & 3rd C Level Interview • If you pass the 2nd working interview, the results of the reference check and 3rd interview will be comprehensively considered to determine whether to proceed with treatment consultation. Please note that the reference check process does not affect the decision to proceed with a third interview. 2. Document instructions • Resume (required) • Portfolio GitHub address (optional) • Instructions: Please submit all documents in PDF format or link. 3. Interview Guide • 1st phone interview: A 1:1 phone interview with the HR Lead that takes up to 30 minutes. During the phone interview, you will be asked questions about your motivation for applying, your career history, and your expectations for the future. • 2nd working interview: This is a face-to-face interview with a working staff member and takes approximately 1 hour. We will review your work experience and job performance abilities based on the documents you submit. • Reference check: This is conducted using a platform called Specter to review the candidate’s capabilities from various angles. • 3rd C Level Interview: This is a face-to-face interview with the CEO. It takes about 1 hour. We will have time to talk about Nubi Lab's organizational culture, work style, and work experience. ※ The selection process may change depending on internal circumstances. ※ If there are false information in the application form, your acceptance may be cancelled.∙ Those who measure and analyze website performance and continuously think about performance optimization ∙ Those who can choose the best technology to meet business requirements ∙ Those who have experience developing with unit test code ∙ Those who can develop in-house products in the early stages People with experience in design, development and improvement [Recruitment process] ∙ Document screening ＞ Interview screening ＞ Treatment consultation ＞ Joining [Working conditions] ∙ Work type: Full-time employee ∙ Treatment conditions: Determined after consultation according to POSTYPE internal regulations ∙ Working conditions : Working 8 hours a day, 5 days a week, Monday to Friday ∙ Probationary conditions: After a 3-month probation evaluation, a final decision will be made on whether to transfer, and 100% of salary will be paid ∙ Work location: 6th floor, 5 Teheran-ro 4-gil, Gangnam-gu, Seoul (Gangnam Station No. 1) 2-minute walk from the exit) [Notes when applying] ∙ There is no set format for all application documents and can be submitted in free format (PDF recommended). ∙ In your application, it would be a good idea to include examples of repeating small successes or experiences of taking on new challenges or trying various things. ∙ If you reapply, your application will be reviewed in the same way as any other application. (Re-application possible) ∙ During the engineer position interview process, on-site testing (ex. hand coding, etc.) may be conducted depending on the situation. ∙ A small participation fee will be paid when participating in the interview process. ∙ Persons eligible for employment protection, such as national meritorious persons and the disabled, are given preferential treatment in accordance with relevant laws and regulations. ∙ All recruitment screening results, including document screening, will be notified via email within 7 days, regardless of whether you are successful or not.• Experience leading a technology organization based on trust • Experience developing work automation tools or interested in improving productivity • Experience improving legacy systems or code • Knowledge of ES6 web standards/accessibility SEO SSR status management Those with a level of understanding • Those who are familiar with front-end performance optimization methods • Those who are familiar with back-end engineering for front-ends or have experience in back-end development • Those with experience in developing based on React Native and React Native for web • A person with AWS-based development experience and the ability to freely handle major services • An understanding of Microservice Architecture or DDD • A person with experience using/developing Kubernetes and Docker• It is good if you have a good understanding of the platform environment where many users use various devices. • It is good if you have the attitude of constantly thinking about optimizing web service performance and better usability. • Server-side development experience or basic understanding of backend is preferred. • Understanding and research experience in content security technology is preferred. Documents to be submitted • A resume with career description is required, but a portfolio is optional. • PDF format is recommended. Selection process • Document screening - 1st interview (job) - 2nd interview (executive) - Treatment consultation - Final acceptance • We may request a simple pre-assignment for the interview.• Work experience at a startup company • Experience in mobile or responsive web development • Individuals who want to proactively find and solve problems • Individuals with the ability to communicate well with server developers and design staff • Individuals with a user experience-centered mindsetㆍ Experience in operating services that are actually usedIt would be better if you have these capabilities and experience. - Those with experience in component-based development - Those with extensive experience in vanilla JavaScript - Those who are interested in improving CSS framework browser performance, etc.[We prefer people like this!] • Those who have experience participating in UI/UX or who can submit a portfolio to prove their design capabilities • Those who have experience using both React and React Native • Those who have experience using Redux • Those who live close to Seoul National University • Those who have experience in achieving results in fast-growing startups • Those who are interested in new technologies • Those who have experience writing technical documents- Those who enjoy discovering improvement issues and communicating about them - Those who find satisfaction in quickly identifying and organizing issues - Those who cannot tolerate messy code - Those who are curious about technology areas other than the frontend area - Diss People with a high level of understanding of online communities, including Code Reddit - People with experience in the tech industry, including edutech - People who understand the culture of the global Z generation KPOP fandom• Experience in front-end development such as React and Next.js • Experience in HTML/CSS web publishing • Experience in using TypeScript • Those who can express their thoughts well in writing • Those who are active in open source development and contribution • About better UI/UX Those who are concerned • Those who can discover and solve problems on their own• Global site development experience • Front Performance Tuning experience • SPA development experience• Those who can express opinions freely (code review and sharing through weekly meetings once a week) • Those who are sincere about coding (proceeding with code through TDD (Test-Driven Development) • Those who majored in computer science or completed training at an educational institution • A person who is actively involved in planning, design, communication, development and operation- Those with experience in progressive refactoring and migration of legacy code - Those with experience optimizing performance based on measurable data - Those who can communicate and collaborate smoothly with team members in various functions - Experience in proactive problem solving and detail-oriented responsible follow-up processing People with the ability [Technology Stack] - React React Native - TypeScript - Recoil React-Query - React-Bootstrap Styled-Components• Those with experience launching React Native or iOS Android products • Those majoring in computer-related departments (including double majors, etc.) • Those with experience working at startups • Those interested in optimizing web/app performance • CI/CD Those with relevant experience • Those who value user experience and are interested in improving it • Those who are passionate about finding and solving problems • Those who can create and lead a development culture• Those with experience developing shopping malls through Cafe24 and using the Cafe24 API • Those with experience developing functions according to API design and specifications • Those with experience maintaining various legacy systems • Those with experience in various projects or experiments using JavaScript Those with experience • Those with experience collaborating on team projects using Git • Those with experience in server management (Linux environment) using cloud services such as AWS • Those with experience understanding and implementing payment processes• Those with development experience using state management libraries such as Redux Recoil React-query • Those with experience building a development environment using Webpack Babel, etc. • Those with experience building a design system • Those with experience writing test code • Those with experience developing various language services • Those with experience in continuously developing a single web service• Those who are concerned about design patterns and development methodologies • Experience using CSS-in-JS such as Styled-Component Emotion • Experience with testing and deployment automation • Experience with using state management libraries (Redux MobX Recoil) • Experience with good UI/UX Experience in continuously thinking ahead is preferred • Experience in actively participating in planning and design is preferred • Experience working at a startup is preferred • Experience in organizing a FE project from scratch • Experience in contributing to open source• Experience developing server-side render or web views within mobile apps • Experience measuring and improving web performance • Experience with search engine optimization (SEO) • Experience writing test code and deployment automation (CI/CD) • Those with experience creating components or libraries by generalizing requirements • Those who have contributed to improving productivity through front-end performance optimization or libraryization • Those with design system experience • MSA BFF (Backend For Frontend) A person with an understanding of[A person like this is better] • A person with experience in providing online technical education such as edtech • A person who actively works (I think the system will get better if I do this! Try to find something like this) • If you don’t know anything, look for the document. Those who are accustomed to seeing • Those who ask questions without fear and improve themselves through feedback [Recruitment screening] • Document screening - Video interview (technical interview) - Face-to-face interview (Culture Fit) - Treatment consultation - Passed [Informations] • Applicant The announcement may close early when recruitment is complete. • In the case of full-time employment, there is a three-month probationary period after joining the company. The probationary period is a period for the company and the applicant to get to know each other. After the probationary period, you will be converted to a full-time position based on internal evaluation. (100% of salary is paid during the probationary period.) • The selection process may change depending on the schedule and circumstances. • If there are false information in your application, your acceptance may be cancelled. • There is no disadvantage in the hiring process if you are a veteran or a disabled person.It is even better if you have these qualities - A person with experience developing web views in mobile apps - A person with a deep understanding of the productivity contribution of good architecture - A person with experience in increasing team development efficiency, such as introducing a design system - The concept and pros and cons of design principles for modularization Those who understand - Those with understanding and experience in test-driven development - Those with more than 1 year of Continuous Integration and Continuous Deployment operation experience• Those with a strong understanding of W3C web standards such as HTML CSS • Those with a strong understanding of ECMAScript HTML5 API • Those with a strong understanding of HTTP 1.1/2 in general • Those with a strong understanding of Javascript Frameworks such as Vue React Working Conditions • Employment type: Full-time employee (100% salary paid for 3 months of probation) • Work location: Post Tower, 60 Yeouinaru-ro, Yeongdeungpo-gu, Seoul • Salary conditions: Company regulations and separate agreement Joining itinerary Document screening ＞ 1st interview ＞ 2nd interview ＞ Join • github Alternatively, a portfolio capable of code review is required. • If a portfolio is not submitted, a separate development competency test will be conducted. • The first interview will be conducted in the form of a portfolio and code review. • Details will be provided only to successful applicants. Note • The selection process may change depending on the situation. • Detailed screening schedule and assignments will be provided separately to successful applicants. • Only those who pass the document screening can take the SKCT (personality test). • This announcement may be closed early when recruitment is completed. • Recruitment may be canceled if false information is provided.• Those with server-side development experience or a basic understanding of backend • Those who enjoy thinking about better user experiences • Those who are interested in implementing UI / UX that can improve complex domains • The latest development trends People who are interested in and enjoy sharing• Experience in service development and operation • Experience in design and optimization of UX/UI • Experience in changing apps developed in Kotlin or Swift to React Native • Experience in using Jquery Selection process • Document review - 1st interview - 2nd interview - Treatment Negotiation - 3rd interview - Final acceptance ※ The selection process may vary depending on experience and position. ※ If false information is discovered in the application documents, employment may be canceled even after the employment has been confirmed. Selection details • Document review - Documents are reviewed based on the submitted resume (free format). - Only those who pass the documents will be notified by phone. • 1st interview - A job and personality interview will be conducted one-on-one with members of the department to which you applied. - It will be conducted as a face-to-face or video interview. - Regardless of whether you pass or fail, the results will be notified by phone or text. • 2nd interview - For the 2nd interview, we ask you to fill out our resume and take an online personality test. - Personality-focused interviews will be conducted one-on-one with executives/HR teams. - Regardless of whether you pass or fail, the results will be notified by phone or text. • 3rd Interview - The 3rd interview will be conducted through a written report or face-to-face. - In the case of a written report, only guidance on the procedure will be provided. - We will notify you by phone of the detailed time required for this procedure and the expected final announcement date.Those with Angular development experience Those with experience using AWS Cloud Service Those who can utilize Git/Gitlab• Experienced in developing React-based, independently operating components • Experienced in collaborating with Figma • Experienced in building and launching app services • Experienced in developing app services using Flutter • Individually operated blog Github Those who submit personal portfolios, etc. • Those who can communicate and actively collaborate with colleagues in various fields • Those who are interested in acquiring new language skills and enjoy sharing knowledge • Better code through code reviews Those who are thinking about making a• People who have created apps using Flutter or React Native • People who have experience using Firebase or GCPㆍThose who have experience developing in the e-commerce domain ㆍThose who have experience with web frameworks such as Vue Svelte, even if not React ㆍThose who have experience developing services in an in-app web view environment ㆍCreate an internal operating system/back office system People who have seen it before ㆍPeople who have knowledge or basic experience with Backend (SpringBoot NestJS Tomcat, etc.) ㆍPeople who have an understanding of legacy systems (jQuery) ㆍPeople who have experience opening and maintaining services to the public even if they are not web developers- If you can join quickly - If you are a full-stack developer who can also work on the backend based on the frontend - If you have startup experience - If you have experience using Jira - If you have experience using Jira - If you have experience in our service industry (road trip, van life, car travel, outdoor, etc.) If you have interest and basic understanding• It is even better if you have experience building a design system. • It is better if you have experience optimizing React components. • Experience in making appropriate judgments between technical maturity and speed of implementation based on requirements is even better. • It would be even better if you have experience discussing with a designer, thinking about a better direction, and taking the lead in solving a problem.• Those with excellent soft skills such as communication/teamwork1. Experience using VueJS 2. Experience using NextJS 3. Experience refactoring legacy code• Those with experience in React development • Those with knowledge of RESTful API or related collaboration experience • Those with experience developing user interfaces considering responsive design • Those with interest in high-level code review culture • Semantic Web Web Accessibility Those with knowledge or experience in cross-browsing web standards • Those who are active in technical writing, such as development documents, technical manuals, API guides, etc. • Those with leading development experience in an agile development environment • Those with experience in design system development • Anyone with experience writing front-end test (Unit E2E) code• Preferences: - Those with more than 2 years of related work experience or equivalent abilities - Those skilled in collecting references and prior research to solve problems• Those with direct experience in developing/operating commerce services • Those with experience in large-scale user services • Those with experience in sharing development knowledge • Those with experience in leading development projects • Those with a high understanding of the back-end system • Testing/distribution People with experience building/operating environments People with experience in Expo Typescript-based projects• Those who are not reluctant to adopt new technologies • Those who practice self-directed learning to achieve their goals • Those with experience in version management and collaboration through Svn Git, etc. • Those with experience in UI development considering responsive design, web accessibility, and web standards Person with experience • Experience with JavaScript static type analysis using Typescript• Those with experience in Next.js Redux Webpack Babel Typescript • Those with experience in MES system development • Those with experience in API integration development • Those with experience in web service launch and maintenance- Those who are skilled at collaborating and communicating with other teams - Those who are passionate about voluntary learning in their field - Those with experience developing web services that require high stability and performance - Those with experience in responsive web development - Server-side rendering Those with experience using the framework (Next.js) or SEO-related experience - Those with experience using Redux - Those with development experience utilizing Web3 or blockchain RPC - Submitters of portfolio Github profiles or personal blogs• Those with experience developing using JavaScript frameworks (Vue React, etc.) • Those with experience designing and developing full Javascript Web Applications • Those with experience in open source contributions and related activities• Those with experience in SPA development using Typescript • Those with experience in applying responsive design and component design • Knowledge of service operation such as browser compatibility, web standards, web accessibility, performance optimization, SEO, etc. • Those with experience in Selenium-based web cross-browsing testing • People with experience using Static Web Generators (Jekyll Hugo, etc.)• Those with experience in SSR development using frameworks such as Next.js • Those with experience in continuously developing a web service • Those with strong understanding and interest in UI/UX • Those with experience in design system development Person • Experienced in test automation and test-led development [Recruitment process] • Document screening ＞ Assignment guidance ＞ Assignment presentation and interview ＞ Treatment consultation ＞ Confirmation of employment • The order of each screening may be changed or omitted during the process, and reference checks are required. You can proceed. • Contract type: Full-time employee (3 months trial period)• Those with experience developing server-side renders or web apps within mobile apps • Those with experience developing UI considering web accessibility web standards • Those who enjoy reviewing in the collaborative process of requirements design code, etc. • Those with experience in the development process, such as test distribution Those with automation experience • Those who have contributed to improving productivity through front-end performance optimization or library creation • Those who have proposed customer requirements first and improved customer experience • Those who enjoy sharing【Have you done similar work?】 Most of the screens we are trying to create are management console screens that manage device settings or dashboard-type screens that aggregate and display status. If you have experience developing these screens a lot, it will help you understand the work. 【Have you ever led a project?】 If you have the experience or ability to extract commonalities from multiple screens, establish a structured framework, and establish standards, you can be of great help to us. 【Have you ever thought about streamlining the development process?】 Planning screen design and front-end development are separate areas, but they are closely related. If you have a solution to make this more efficient or have a plan in mind, we can create it together. If you are confident as a developer, enjoy learning new things, and take responsibility for your role, we welcome you with open hands.- Basic understanding of backend (Node.js Express) - Experience in web development using server-side rendering - Experience in performance measurement and optimization - Experience in data visualization - Experience in TypeScript - Part-time work and experience that cannot be verified will not be accepted No - Participation in individual project development programs can be recorded, but is not recognized as experience.o Those with a high understanding of the requirements of growing businesses, including new web trends o Those who can communicate and collaborate smoothly with stakeholders, including platform planning, design, and back-end development o UI/UX design experience o Server side Understanding and experience with languages ​​(Java Python Node.js, etc.) o Experience building design systems- Those with more than 5 years of front-end development experience - Those with experience developing AI-based products - Those with experience planning, designing, developing, and improving commercial services from the early stages - Those with an understanding of the GCP Docker-based development environment【Preferences】 It is even better if you are someone like this • Experience using Vue.js, experience migrating from Vue2 to Vue3, and experience developing based on the Vue Composition API. • It would be better if you can set up the Webpack4 and Webpack5 build process in detail or are skilled in writing test code and optimizing the JS bundling process. • Blockchain-related service API request with Node Creating a blockchain contract Anyone with experience deploying a site using Apache and NGINX is welcome.• Experience using Git Confluence Jira • Ability to collaborate with various departments such as planning/design/operations【This kind of person is better!】 • Experience in UI/UX development considering responsive design, web accessibility, and web standards • Someone familiar with writing test code and oriented toward a code review culture • Person for requirements analysis and collaboration with other developers A person with good communication skills • A person with experience in performance issues, memory leaks, and network profiling• Experience with responsive web • Experience measuring and improving performance using test frameworks (one or more of Selenium cypress Mocha Jest) • Experience using various open source libraries • Ability to utilize development languages ​​other than Javascript (Python Java, etc.) • Backend service DB Understanding or experience in (RDBMS NoSQL) • Understanding SEO (Search Engine Optimization) • Understanding CI/CD (cloudfront docker jenkins) • Ability to communicate smoothly with team members in other functions• Understanding of typescript • Experience in responsive web development • People who like trying and learning new things • People who recognize the importance of communication and teamwork and have high self-esteem• Experience in designing and implementing front-end frameworks • Experience developing and continuously improving a service • Experience developing in the Node.js environment• A person who has thought deeply about a technology rather than a piecemeal approach • A person who likes to share and enjoy growing together • A person who has no aversion to learning in addition to development if necessary, even if he or she does not know much • The use skills mentioned above Or, a person with at least one year of experience creating products using other front-end technologies • A person who enjoys not only simple coding but also the problem-solving process itself • A person with a basic understanding of back-end development (especially Node.js) • React-Native or People who have experience developing mobile apps with other cross-platforms • People who have direct experience working with AWS S3 CloudFront Lambda, etc.• Back-end development experience and understanding of databases • Understanding of cross-browsing and responsive web • Development experience using state management libraries such as MobX ☆☆☆[Required] Please provide military service special information when applying☆☆☆ • New recruits: Those who are eligible to be transferred to industrial technical personnel • Please enter your military service details when applying for new military service special transfer. ex) New military service assistant or Meister High School, etc. • Previous job: Those currently working as industrial technical personnel• Those who can actively participate in UX/UI improvement and resolve issues • Those who are skilled in using collaboration tools (Figma Slack Github) • Those with experience developing design systems • Those with direct experience leading projects from the beginning to release• Those with more than 2 years of experience in a startup or service company • Those with experience developing terabyte-level big data services with hundreds of concurrent users • Those who want to create industry-leading services • Those who can immerse and dedicate themselves to the service• Those with development experience using styled-components • Those with nodejs development capabilities • Those with the ability to freely use plugins such as full calendar chartjs • Those who consistently strive to improve front-end performance, such as rendering optimization• Those with experience in various troubleshooting for each mobile OS • Those with experience or know-how in improving app service performance • Those who are concerned about object responsibility and cooperation based on an understanding of OOP • Plan services from A-Z on their own • Those who have experience in fast-paced startups or agile organizations • Those who have experience developing GraphQL Apollo Client services • Those who are greedy for UI/UX details that users feel, such as animation and interaction • Those who have experience with SEO policies People with understanding and experience developing services using MultiLingual i18n • People with experience in multilingual services using MultiLingual i18n (there are a lot of multilingual languages ​​in Creatrip) • People with extensive experience in optimizing website performance, etc. • Knowledge of writing test code A person with extensive experience[Preferences] • Those with more than 3 years of relevant experience • Those who can select the best technology for business situations • Those with communication skills to convey their knowledge to colleagues • Web standards Semantic Web Web Accessibility SEO A person with a sufficient understanding of the publishing field, etc. • A person who understands the differences between UI/UX and is familiar with designing customer-centered services • A person who, as an engineer, wants to find the best solution based on product standards together- Those who have experience using visualization libraries such as D3/Highcharts - Those who are familiar with various data formats such as CSV/JSON - Those who have experience with responsive web development - Those who have experience developing SPA frameworks such as Vue/React - Vite /Those who have experience using bundlers such as Webpack - Those who are familiar with Typescript - Those who are familiar with container-based operating environments - Those who are interested in back-end development - Those who are interested in understanding the latest technology trends [This type of person is better] !] • A person who works independently based on individual expertise • A person who can collaborate flexibly with colleagues • A person who is not afraid of new challenges • A person who possesses a positive mindset that says, “We can do it, let’s go” • A person who will take responsibility for their work until the end If you know [Documents to be submitted] - Resume (there is no separate application form, but please indicate your desired salary) - Portfolio - Portfolio data file or URL - Personal project repository such as Github/Gitlab (optional) - Personal technology blog (optional) [ Recruitment procedure] Document screening -> Technical interview -> Executive interview -> Treatment consultation -> Final acceptance (* Some changes may occur depending on the interview situation.) [Main technology stack] - Language: Typescript/Javascript Python - Front-end: Vue React - Backend: FastAPI Django - Database: PostgreSQL MariaDB - Network: Traefik Nginx - DevOps: Docker [Note] ㆍThis posting is filled on a rolling basis and may close early when recruitment is completed. ㆍIf false information is found in the application documents, employment may be cancelled. ㆍSalary is in accordance with the company's internal regulations, but can be adjusted according to the applicant's capabilities. ㆍFor all full-time employment, there is a three-month probationary period, and depending on the evaluation results, the probationary period may be extended or employment may be cancelled.- Those with understanding and experience in Clean Architecture - Those with CI/CD experience in a Vercel environment - Those with understanding of each platform (mobile, desktop, web, etc.) - Interested in conveying clear purpose to users through interaction Many people - Those with the ability to recognize and solve problems through user research - Those who are skilled in writing development-related documents - Those who are familiar with agile processes【Preferences】 • Experience in operating/developing online education software (especially experience with text editors such as Monaco/Codemirror) • Experience in E2E testing such as Jest/RTL-based Unit Test Cypress/Testcafe • Experience in the Javascript ecosystem and proper use of HTML/CSS Understanding of browser compatibility • Experience in Websocket/RxJS-based development • Experience in developing WebRTC-based video streaming services • Experience in developing Server Side Rendering PWA Electron, etc. • Experience in participating in Scrum/Kanban-based agile development process 【Technology Stack】 • ES6+ React 16+ TypeScript Implement web application • Communicate with server using REST API • Self-developed UI component project using Styled-components/Sass/Storybook and Design Token • Create Unit/E2E Testing with RTL and Cypress • Use ESLint Stylelint Prettier for static analysis and formatting • Application of Continuous Integration Continuous Deployment using installed gitlab • WebSocket-based chatting/notification/code editing • Self-development of N:N screen/camera streaming system using WebRTC technology• A person who is skilled in communication and collaboration and actively expresses opinions • A person with experience operating live services and problem solving • A person with experience optimizing bundling builds • A person with knowledge and experience improving web performance, such as rendering optimization • Backend system (Nest Those with a basic understanding of .js) • Those interested in live broadcasting (Twitch) [Recruitment Process] Step 1. Submit application • Please submit your resume and portfolio when applying. • The resume is free-form and just tells you how well you fit the position. • After reviewing your application, you will receive an email informing you of the results within one week. All applicants will be contacted regardless of whether they are successful or not. Step 2. Job interview • The interview is conducted focusing on the job, including capabilities and experience as a front-end engineer, way of thinking, and communication style. • Team members working on the development team participate. Step 3. Culture Interview • This is an interview to determine whether you sympathize with Trini’s vision and can adapt well to the culture. • The course lasts approximately 30 minutes to 1 hour with two C-level people. Step 4. Discussion on treatment • After passing all interviews, discussion on treatment will be held. • Treatment is determined through consultation based on individual capabilities.• Full-stack capability • Interest in latest platforms such as Github HuggingFace Gradio • Early stage ~ Series A startup experience • Experience in build/test/deployment automation• Those with experience in UI library modularization or Webpack modularization • Those with experience in data visualization libraries such as Chart.js • Those who meticulously organize documents and manage issue tickets • Those skilled in code modularization and design patterns • The latest in front-end related knowledge A person who studies technology and methodology and has a strong will to implement it• Those with experience in front-end frameworks such as React Vue • Those with experience developing cross-platform apps such as React Native Flutter • Those with experience measuring and optimizing website performance • Those skilled in using Git [Other] • Once a week Working from home possible• Ability to utilize the latest style sheet packages such as Bootstrap SPSS SASS • Experience with Vue Python (Flask SQL Alchemy) MySQL DB • Experience with state management such as VUEX Redux • Understanding and development experience with SSR (Next Nuxt) • Module bundler such as Webpack Babel ES6+ and a deep understanding of code division • Experience using cloud environments such as AWS/Google • Proficient in one or more development languages[It is better if you have this experience] #Preferences • Those with development experience using the Next.js framework • Those with experience using the D3.js library • Those with experience in AWS deployment and CI/CD construction • English • Those who have experience in working from initial design to development, launch and operation of services • Those who are interested in artificial intelligence techniques • Those who have experience with Google Analytics/Search Console #Retentics’ technology stack • TypeScript I mainly use it. • We use React-based Next.js as the SPA framework. • We use ContextAPI and React-Query for state management. • For styling, scss emotion and styled-components are used together. • We use AWS (Amplify EC2) as our cloud computing service and Github Actions for CI/CD deployment.• Those who have experience in the entire web development process • Those who have experience in the development process using Nextjs • Those who are skilled in communicating with server developers • Those who are skilled in communicating with non-developers1) Experience using WebSocket 2) Experience with real-time large-scale services 3) Practical experience and understanding of Next.js / React (more than 3 years of practical experience) 4) Experience using clouds such as AWS Azure 5) Experience using collaboration tools such as Jira Confluence Slack 6) Experience improving performance 7) Experience using WebRTC 8) Experience using Git• Telecommuting twice a week for work efficiency • Flexible working hours, with flexible work hours between 8 a.m. and 10 a.m. • Culture of no overtime work in exchange for 8 hours of fruitful work • Half-and-half day system for effective use of annual leave • To support the best performance Support for the latest work equipment • Support for lunch preparation for a hearty meal • Support for refreshment leave (10 days paid) after 3 years of service to recharge • Support for various congratulatory and condolence vacations and expenses to share the daily moments of team members • Support for various educational expenses for self-development • Support for team dinner expenses to strengthen teamwork • Pleasant work environment at the first Fast Five Seongsu branch • Team Spandit colleagues with solid capabilities and growth mindset• Those with development experience using Next.js • Those with experience writing component test code using Storybook • Those who are interested in and like to explore web tech/design trends • Those with experience improving web view performance • Native apps Those with development experience (Android iOS) • Those with high experience and understanding of code refactoring • Those with a keen interest in mobile service UX planning and design • Those with attachment to and sense of responsibility for services• Those with extensive experience in web view development • Those with a keen interest in the catch table business • Those with extensive experience in the technology stack below - Main technologies: React.js TypeScript TanStack Query Recoil Redux vanilla-extract Webpack Vite Nx StoryBook - Work tools: Github Slack Redmine Jira Confluence - Code Reviews: Github PR - Build Deployment Automation: GitHub Actions - Conventions: ESLint Prettier TypeScript• Experience in maintaining React and Nextjs-based projects • Experience in back-office development• Those with experience in React Native-based development • Those with CI/CD-related knowledge and experience, such as Github Action Jenkins Docker • Those with an open learning attitude toward various languages/execution environments • Those with deployment experience using Firebase • People with experience developing push notifications such as FCM OneSignal • People who can get along with each other regardless of job group and have active communication skills and quick execution skills • People who are interested in new work-related technologies and learn continuously and autonomously• It is better if you are considerate of your colleagues and value teamwork. • If you have Typescript experience, even better. • It is even better if you are skilled in using a module bundler. • It is even better if you have experience developing and operating data analysis services.• Computer engineering major • Understanding CS Algorithm data structure OS, etc. • Experience using various languages ​​such as C++ Java Python • Understanding ES6++ Experience using SCSS • Experience using typescript • Experience writing test code • Understanding programming paradigms such as OO functional programming- Experience in launching and operating global web services• Experienced in e-commerce service development • Experienced in build/test/deployment automation • Experienced in collaborative communication • Experience in measuring and optimizing website performance • Understanding of Clean Code Clean Architecture • Possess vue.js or React technology stack Those who have • Chinese language qualifications or Chinese speakers preferred<I would appreciate it if you would consider it before applying. ＞ • First, second, and third are responsibility and teamwork. Please show it with actions, not just words. • If you have a clear purpose as to why you want to join a startup • If you are someone who can navigate things on your own even if your experience is short, we will give you an opportunity. • Someone who can accept opinions from team members with an open mind. • You have the passion to develop like crazy and grow quickly. • We promise to share your shares as the company grows. • Applicants who fail to submit their documents will not be contacted. sorry.• Development experience using Typescript • Development experience using Next • Experience using Redux React query state management library • Understanding RESTful API • Experience with GIT collaboration tool• It would be good if you have experience developing commercial services. • It is good if you have a broad understanding of the service development process and API-based services. • It is even better if you have experience with data visualization projects. • It is good if you have an understanding of data structures, network operating system algorithms. • Experience with Typescript development is preferred. • I love you if you are someone who constantly thinks and refactors to create clean code.• Those who have experience with SSR (server-side rendering) web apps using Nuxt.js or Next.js • Those who have experience with TypeScript-based projects • Those who have experience configuring project environments using Webpack Babel • Those with experience optimizing performance Experienced person • Experience developing and utilizing custom components • Ability to build services regardless of language and environment • Active in open source or development communities• Experience in operating large-scale services • Experience in commerce • Experience in AWS- Those with more than one year of experience contributing to a fast deployment process in an organization with a weekly deployment process - Those with experience improving user experience by analyzing user behavior data - Actively responding to the latest technology trends to improve product quality Those with experience contributing to improvement - Those who enjoy technical challenges - Those who are interested in recording and sharing learning within and outside of the team- Understanding of Next.js Typescript - Understanding of SEO theory - Familiarity with data structure algorithms and ability to write optimized code - Understanding and using version management and issue management systems - Understanding of backends such as Spring or Flask- Those with a master's or doctoral degree in computer science or cryptography - Those with experience developing mobile native apps (Android: Kotlin Java/iOS: Swift Objective-C) - Those with experience developing mobile hybrid apps (React Native Flutter, etc.) - Those with experience developing WebSocket or socket.io - Those with experience with Decentralized Identifier (DID) Verifiable Credential (VC) blockchain - Those with experience deploying/operating in cloud environments such as AWS GCP Azure - Technology blog/ Those with experience writing documents - Those with natural English communication• Those with experience in SCM (Supply Chain Management Solution) smart factory equipment and mold management enterprise software • Those with understanding of the Vue (2 3) framework • Those with CI/CD experience such as unit testing UI test distribution • Those with experience in data visualization • Those with experience in performance measurement and optimization • Those with overall web development process management skills • Those with experience guiding front-end teams (working on front-end guide documents, etc.) • Those who can speak English fluently- More than 1 year of development experience related to Flutter or other hybrid apps - Development experience in a Unix-based OS environment - Experience deploying a website written in Vue as an actual service - Experience distributing iOS / Android apps to the App Store / Play Store - Experience in web/app development for SNS-type services- Experience using SPA frameworks such as React, Vue and Angular is recommended. - It is good to have experience with module bundlers such as Webpack Rollup. - It is good to have interest and understanding of UI/UX. - It is desirable to have development experience considering responsive design, web accessibility, and web standards. - It is good to have experience developing high-traffic web services or in-app browsers. - It would be good if you have the ability to actively work in collaboration with multiple job groups. [Development environment] - Key technologies: TypeScript React MobX Redux Redux-Saga Webpack - Work tools: Git & Gitlab Jira Confluence Slack - Code review: Gitlab MR - Build/deployment automation: Jenkins Gitlab CI - Monitoring: Sentry [Please read! ] - Please attach the application experience description (PDF format) and be sure to refer to the writing tips. - Tips for writing a career description - Please write it in a way that clearly shows the work role, experience, performance, and contribution that meets the job description and qualifications for the job being recruited. - Please describe your work experience and technology stack in detail to demonstrate your technical skills. - If you have experience discovering a problem and solving it technically, please describe what technology you used, why you used it, and how you improved it. - If you have a link that can appeal to you, such as a Github Notion that can be made public, please attach it. - Coding tests will be provided individually, and screening takes about a week on average.• Those with React.js Canvas knowledge and development experience • Those with experience developing SaaS products • Those with experience operating global services • Those with experience improving web performance • Those with experience developing user custom dashboards • Experience with data visualization A person with this• Those familiar with implementing animations in applications • Those with experience in educational domains (services or platforms) • Those with open source contribution experience • Those with experience in mobile environments• Those who are familiar with Typescript • Those who want to create better products with basic ownership of the product • Those who like honest conversations and are not burdened by communication and want to create products “together” • Those who have thought about Docker deployment • Those who have studied node.js webpack, etc.• Those who can develop services based on an understanding of the service • Those who can establish and proceed with work schedules • Those who have the attitude to discuss issues that arise during project progress• Experience developing services using iframes • Experience developing Web widgets • Experience developing Vue.js projects • Experience developing multilingual services• A strong understanding of the latest bundling tools such as webpack vite is preferred. • We prefer applicants who major in computer engineering and are able to set up an initial development environment. • There should be no difficulty developing using node.js and electron.js. • I would like the applicant to have a strong will to actively self-learn and grow. • Must be able to communicate flexibly with various stakeholders (planners/designers, etc.). Documents to be submitted • A resume with career description is required, but a portfolio is optional. • PDF format is recommended.• Those who have experience implementing 3D viewers such as Three.js and Vtk.js in a browser environment • Those who have experience optimizing browser and web application performance • Those who understand code reuse architecture and have development experience • Have experience with testing frameworks minute[Preferences] 1. Those with experience in WebSocket communication with backends such as SockJS and StompJS 2. Those with experience improving legacy systems or code 3. Those with understanding of ES6 web standards/accessibility SEO SSR state management 4 . Those who are familiar with front-end performance optimization methods 5. Those who are interested in web development trendsPreferences: ㆍComputer/systems engineering ㆍInternship experience in the relevant position ㆍWorking experience in the relevant position ㆍAgency work experience preferred• Those interested in the AI ​​domain • Those with experience in projects based on Next.js • Those with direct experience in developing/operating services • Those with experience in large-scale user services • Those with a high understanding of back-end systems • Those with experience in building/operating test/deployment environments • Those with a high understanding of web standards and web accessibility • Those with experience optimizing web performance· Experience working in the travel agency industry.- Those with interest or domain knowledge in the blockchain industry such as DeFi NFT - Those with experience developing Next.js - Experience using state management libraries such as Redux - Those with experience writing front-end test code - Service planning/distribution /Those with operational experience - Those with experience in creating high-quality products within a limited time• Experience in participating in open source projects • Experience in leading small-scale projects • Experience in CI/CD • Experience in UI development considering responsive design, web accessibility, and web standards • Person who can solve problems with a high understanding of user experience • Those with experience optimizing performance • Those who have tried various ways to collaborate with colleagues • Those with an understanding of AWS or cloud infrastructure • Those with an understanding of module bundlers such as Webpack • Those with experience developing Canvas Charts minute- A person with more than 2 years of front-end development experience - A person with basic knowledge of HTML/DOM CSS - A person who is somewhat proficient in using ES6. In particular, those who have a good understanding of Array Map (Object) Promises, etc. and can utilize them well - Those with experience in SPA development (and therefore experience with webpack, eslint, babel, etc.) - Those with a certain degree of design sense - IT Start Those who have worked in the industry - those with good communication skills[It's even better if you have something like this! ] - Those who have experience with JS static typing tools such as TypeScript - Those who have experience using collaboration tools (Jira Notion, etc.) - Those who will think and develop their services together from a customer-centered perspective - Those who can stimulate colleagues around them through code reviews, etc. Giving person - A person who is curious about new technologies and enjoys sharing the experiences gained through taking on challenges and growing together.• Those with an understanding of Webview bases • Those with basic Android/iOS native experience and development experience • Those who are active and proactive • Those with good communication between PO/PM/Administrator team members- Those with experience in development and operation of Redux Redux-Saga, etc. - Those with experience in hybrid app development - Those with experience in Android iOS native app development - Those with experience in e-commerce development * Required documents: Resume, Self-introduction, Career description Desired Salary (please enter amount!) Select: Portfolio[Preferences] • Those who can speak foreign languages ​​such as English • Those with relevant experience/related qualifications Those with a work-related major- Those with experience developing HTTPS RESTful API - Those with experience designing and developing project development, testing, distribution and maintenance - Those with experience actively considering and using project management through Git - Collaborate with colleagues in various ways A person who can contribute to the growth of the entire team by providing opinions.ㆍThose who have experience operating services in an AWS cloud environment ㆍThose who are interested in launching and operating web app services ㆍThose who are interested in configuring architecture for efficient traffic processingㆍPeople with experience in responsive web development ㆍPeople who like camping• Those with experience in SEO optimization • Those who can develop without using HTML CSS JS libraries • Those with experience using NextJS TypeScript SCSS GraphQL • Those who are confident and proactive as developers- Those who are interested in developing blockchain services - Those who have an understanding of writing test code - Those who have experience building CI/CD• Experience in component management using Storybook, etc. • Experience in constructing workspace-based multi-module projects such as pnpm • Experience in CI/CD integration and test automation of front-end projects • Understanding of video streaming • Major in computer engineering or related department • Multilingual (i18n) Site implementation experience• Experience with complex state management in React • Experience with managing dark mode responsive web page I18N• Those who aim for self-directed work • Those who have no aversion to introducing new technologies • Those who can create an efficient development culture together in a free atmosphere**The items below are absolutely not required!** EasyTask aims to provide all members with the work they are best at. Preferential considerations are literally preferential and are not mandatory, so please feel free to apply. • Those with experience using TypeScript • Those with design system experience • Those with experience developing UI considering web accessibility web standards • Those with a desire for better UX/UI • Those with experience in unit/integration testing • Those with CMS experience • Collaborative ability to define problems and find solutions with various job groups such as planning/design/operations • Those who are meticulous, have a sense of responsibility for their jobs, and can take the lead in performing and improving work • Those who can express their opinions clearly • Those who can respect and consider others in communication • Those who strive for growth○ Those with experience improving front-end performance, such as rendering optimization ○ Those with experience using both Nuxt.js and Next.js frameworks ○ Those with experience developing SSR using Nuxt.js or Next.js ○ AWS systems ○ Those who have experience in developing under the hood ○ Those who enjoy learning new technologies and sharing knowledge, and strive for self-development ○ Those who are not averse to resolving technical debt and refactoring- PHP publishing experience - React development experience• Information processing engineer • Development experience using Bootstrap SASS SCSS • Development experience using module bundlers such as Webpack Parcel • Development experience using Typescript• Those with server-side development experience or a basic understanding of backend • Those who enjoy thinking about better user experiences • Those who are interested in implementing UI / UX that can improve complex domains • The latest development trends People who are interested in and enjoy sharing• Experience using any of the front-end frameworks such as Vue React Angular • Experience in Python language development and study experience • Experience in test-driven development • Experience in developing on Cross Browsing • Experience in developing responsive pages • Github and configuration management tools (Sourcetree, etc.) Experience in conducting projects using • Experience in linking ePub e-books or PDF Browsers [Selection process] Application review ＞ Working interview ＞ HR interview ＞ Treatment consultation ＞ Final joining • Only those who pass the documents will be contacted individually. • Starting with the interview process, we will send emails to all applicants regardless of whether they passed or not. • Depending on your history and experience, some screening processes, such as additional assignments and interviews, may be added or omitted. [Working environment] • Recruitment type: Full-time • Working hours: 9:00~18:00 • Salary - Determined through consultation based on individual capabilities. - After conducting the final interview, related discussions will be held. • Work location: 11th floor, BNK Digital Tower, 398 Seocho-daero, Seocho-gu, SeoulPreferences: ㆍComputer/systems engineering ㆍInternship experience in the relevant position ㆍWorking experience in the relevant position ㆍAgency work experience preferred- Those who have experience using various state management libraries such as MobX Zustand React-Query - Those who have experience understanding and building design systems (using Storybook, etc.) - Those who have experience in various troubleshooting - Even if it is a small service, you can go from planning to launch on your own. - Those with experience creating PC services using Electron - Those with experience configuring/managing CI/CD - Those with experience optimizing performance through performance tuning through debugging and profiling [such as I'd like to work with you!] - Experience in leading small-scale projects in the workplace - Experience in performance optimization - Experience in achieving results in a startup or similar work environment - Experience in automating unit testing, UI testing, and deployment - Collaborating with team members Those who have experience improving the development culture - Those who are not reluctant to use the latest technology [Technologies used by Solbook] - NextJS React TypeScript NodeJS Express - MobX Zustand React-Query - Antd Styled Components Storybook - PostgreSQL Redis Knex Bull - AWS Lambda Azure DevOps Nginx Puppeteer TinyMce Turbo - Sentry Mixpanel Elastic Cache [Please read!] - Please attach a career description (PDF format) when applying. - Please write career descriptions focusing on projects or collaborative activities that demonstrate your technical skills. (Major work details during the progress period, technical skills contributed, results/performance/achievement, etc.) - If a coding test is required, you will be notified individually, and document screening takes about a week on average.- Those who have basic knowledge of blockchain - Those who want to take on a new challenge even if they have no blockchain experience - Those who are curious about developing a deeper understanding of DeFi• Those with publishing experience • Basic level of DB SQL Query writing • Those with basic knowledge of backend • Those with basic knowledge of Struts Spring Tiles•People with experience in similar services utilizing space •People interested in improving work processes and development culture •People with experience in agile processes• Experience developing commercial services using next.js• Experience in research activities related to front-end performance optimization • Experience in developing high-traffic web services or in-app browsers • Skilled in using collaboration tools (Jira Confluence Slack Github Figma)- Those who use Next.js and have an understanding of hydrate, etc. - Anyone with an understanding of SSR SSG ISR in Next.js. - Someone with full-stack development experience. - Anyone with an understanding of AWS. - Someone with experience writing test code. - Someone with e-commerce development experience. Experienced in public cloud infrastructure - Experienced in Agile process and DevOps [Other information] ※ Selection Guide Document screening - 1st interview - Online personality test - 2nd interview - Reference check - Treatment screening/health checkup - Pass - Interview method and method depending on the job Processes may change. - If you pass the recruitment, a 3 month probationary period will apply. - If false information is found in the application, employment may be cancelled. - Document submission is only possible for one announcement. (Duplicate applications are not permitted) - Applications may close early due to permanent recruitment.• Those with experience understanding responsive programming • Those with experience developing cross-platform mobile apps such as Flutter • Those with experience developing using GraphQL • Those with experience in browser-based debugging and performance testing • Interested in the latest technology trends People with a lot of skills • People who have their own project or blog code * This position can be hired as a professional research agent or industrial technical agent. (Required to submit resume) • For active duty personnel, new transfer is not possible / transfer is possible • For supplementary service, both new transfer / transfer is possible• Those with a high understanding of the web service environment and development process • Those with a high understanding of the Node environment • Those with experience building a frontend development environment • Those with interest in or experience with backend development • State management library Anyone with experience using (Vuex Redux)ㆍThose with Vue 3 migration experience ㆍThose with a deep understanding and experience using the React framework * We are waiting for this candidate ㆍThose with understanding of PG systems and experience developing B2B services ㆍThose who like new challenges and logical problem solving ㆍPeople interested in global business- Those who have experience with React Typescript ES6+ SCSS - Those who have experience with mqtt (rabbit-mq) - Those who have experience with Linux docker Jenkins nexus• A person who can proceed with projects based on agile methodology code reviews • A person with experience developing B2B service dashboards • A person with experience operating/distributing services across multiple countries • Unit testing, functional testing, end-to-end testing, build, automation, and continuous integration People who are very interested • People who have experienced and solved problems related to web page performance and optimization• Those with experience using MUI components • Those with a deep understanding of object-orientation and refactoring experience and knowledge • Those with an understanding of Internet-based protocols and technologies such as RESTful API HTTP • Those with experience in SaaS services• Those with a high understanding of W3C web standards such as HTML and CSS • Those with full-stack development experience • Those with the will to share their shortcomings and turn them into strengths • Those with positive and active communication skills • A person who has a balance between leadership and followership• Those with experience in web publishing • Those with development experience using stacks such as Typescript Webpack Babel Jest esLint • Those with experience in SSR (server-side rendering) web apps using Nuxt.js or Next.js • Those with experience using WebGL Those with development experience • Those with experience developing or using chart libraries • Those with experience developing using blockchain • Those who can develop regardless of language and environment• Experience in SaaS product development • Experienced in collaboration between teams with excellent communication skills • Have an understanding of bundlers (e.g. Webpack Rollup Vite) • Interest in new technologies and interest in applying them People with a lot of curiosity • People who have a keen interest in productive development culture and have experience in proactively introducing it • People who have no difficulty communicating in English [Development Culture] • People who share each other’s code to maintain excellent code quality Review and share feedback in a healthy way. • We share our insights with each other through Dev Talk (a knowledge sharing session between in-house developers) once a week. • We give each individual a high level of autonomy and responsibility with a sense of ownership over their work area.• Web design / publisher / UI / UX capability • Next.js capability • Relevant qualification holder (information processing engineer) • Candidate who can start work immediately • Information/communication engineering major • Nearby resident • Excellent computer literacy skills• Those with production development experience with React native • Those with Swift or Android native development experience • Full-stack developer • Those who are interested in services or businesses that match people with each other • Those who can communicate smoothly with other departments• Those with server-side development experience or a basic understanding of the backend • Those with experience developing SPA-based web services • Those with experience developing static type languages ​​such as TypeScript Flow [Technology Stack] • JavaScript TypeScript React. js • Redux React-sweet-state SWR • Lemonbase Design System Ant Design Emotion Jest Storybook • React Native Webpack Babel Docker GitHub Actions + a [The story of an engineer who served as an industrial technical personnel at Lemonbase - Crew Louie] • Industrial technical personnel Because changing jobs is not easy, when deciding on a company, it is important to understand whether the company is growing well. When I joined, I decided to join because Lemon Base was well-received in the market and saw the experienced engineer leadership team. Now, about a year and a half after joining, the Lemon Base team is growing healthily according to indicators, and its products are continuously improving, creating an environment where industrial technicians can work with peace of mind. • The Lemon Base team is a team that considers industrial technicians as ‘maker colleagues.’ My opinions and questions are accepted as the opinions of the crew working together to create the product, and in the process, I am able to further improve my understanding of the domain and customers. We are growing by thinking about which technologies can be used to provide customers with a smoother experience and exchanging feedback with fellow engineers! [How the Lemon Base Frontend Chapter works] • Research and improve methods to effectively solve problems experienced by various user personas (member leader administrators). • Managers want convenience features that save them management time and dashboards that give them an at-a-glance view of results. To achieve this, Lemonbase front-end engineers take on various technical challenges related to data visualization and operational convenience for administrators. • Leaders also want a UX that is easy to use like members and a dashboard that allows them to view their direct members at a glance like a manager. To this end, Lemonbase front-end engineers have experience improving data visualization and usability features. • Experience building a design system while closely communicating with designers using the Storybook Zeroheight Figma tool. • In addition to engineering groups and chapters, engineers will belong to squads corresponding to their purpose organizations. During the onboarding process, we observe all squad meetings and go through a process of understanding the products each squad is responsible for, the way they work, and the values ​​they consider important. After that, we communicate with the leader and decide which squad to belong to. [When applying, please submit your answers to the questions below.] • We will be conducting the interview by referring to the information you wrote during the interview, so we would appreciate it if you could answer with sincerity. Q. How did you learn about lemon base? Why did you apply to Lemon Base?• Those familiar with using the React framework • Those with experience in UI development considering responsive design • Those with experience in testing and deployment automation• Those with experience developing native camera modules • Those developing with UX in mind • Those with experience in planning and distributing a serviceIt would be even better if you have this experience. • Those with development/operation experience in the e-commerce field • Those with experience in web development using the Typescript language • Those with an understanding of object-oriented programming • Those with code review experience • Those with Unit Test/TDD experiencePreferred Skills ∙ Experience with React GraphQL Recoil Next.js MongoDB is recommended. ∙ We need someone who can proactively discover and analyze problems and propose solutions rather than simply carrying out the given development. ∙ It is recommended if you have experience with JavaScript static type analysis using TypeScript. ∙ Experience with server-side rendering (SSR) and mobile app or web app development is desirable. Technology used ∙ Core: React TypeScript Apollo GraphQL Next.js React Native ∙ Database: MongoDB ∙ State Management: Recoil Redux Immer ∙ UI/UX: Ant Design MUI ∙ Package Manager: Yarn Berry ∙ Build: Webpack ESBuild Babel ∙ CI/CD: GitHub Actions Amplify Autobuild• Those with good communication skills with team members and planning/operation/design teams • Those with experience in financial projects • Those with experience developing Typescript • Those with experience developing React Hooks • Those with knowledge of CSS-in-JS Person (Depending on the project, Sass or Styled Component is used.) • Experience in SSR development (There is a project that uses Next.js.)- Computer engineering Computer science or related major - Experience working at an early stage startup for less than 3 years - Experience with service analysis and marketing tools such as GTM GA Amplutidue Mixpanel■ Career boosters like this are helpful for quick driving (job adaptation). • It would be better if you are familiar with tools such as Babel Webpack Rollup. • It would be better if you have Flutter development experience. • It would be better if you have publishing experience. • It would be better if you have experience using Docker Kubernetes.• Computer engineering major or related department preferred • Experience developing in a design component system environment • Experience optimizing web/mobile service performance • Experience in HTTP communication and web security • Experience in front-end testing and deployment automation • Those with experience in SSR (Server Side Rendering) development • Those with experience in cross platform development such as Flutter and Hybrid App development• Experience contributing to open source projects • Experience using TypeScript • Experience in continuous quality improvement using performance tools • Experience using mobile cross-platform frameworks such as React Native Flutter• Experience using state management libraries such as Redux Redux-Saga • Experience in finance or fintech • Experience writing test cases • Majored in computer engineering or related field • Understanding of rendering methods such as SSR CDN • Understanding of marketing-related fields such as SEO growth marketing • Those who are interested in learning and growth and strive for self-development[It would be good if you have this kind of experience] • Experience in developing and operating B2B enterprise services • Experience in development in the RegTech field • Experience in development/operation in the AWS environment • Experience in using TypeScript • Experience in using Kubernetes • Experience in communicating in English to respond to inquiries from overseas customers ※ Documents to be submitted • Resume and self-introduction ※ Joining journey • Document screening ＞ Coding test ＞ 1st (practical) interview ＞ 2nd (culture fit) interview ＞ Final acceptance• Those with back-end (NodeJS Springframework, etc.) integration experience • Those with a major in a related department • Those with relevant qualifications • Those with related work experience (including internship and part-time work)• Those who value a positive mindset and teamwork • Those who majored in computer science or related engineering fields • Those who have sufficient understanding of publishing areas such as web standards and semantic web • Those who are familiar with Typescript • Those who have developed production services using Redux GraphQL Those with experience • Those with experience using Text Editor Frameworks such as Draft.js and slate.js • Those who aim to use Functional Components / Hooks • Those who are sensitive to development trendsㆍFront-end development experience related to robot hardware control ㆍExperience in data visualization libraries (D3 js Chart.js, etc.) ㆍWeb optimization experience ㆍFront-end testing and debugging ability ㆍTeam leader or project management experience• Those who are interested in Web Capabilities or standards • Those who have experience creating web apps using Service Worker Workbox using the PWA method • Those who have experience using GraphQL Apollo Relay • Those who have experience using Webpack Vite, etc. Those who have configured it • Those who have configured a monorepo using Rush NX Turborepo • Those who have experience developing data visualization and interaction using D3 • Those who have developed design systems using tools such as Storybook Bit • Those who have experience developing design systems such as FCP LCP FID INP Those with experience measuring and improving user-centered performance • Those with experience developing RichEditor • Those with experience writing web test-led development • Those with experience contributing to open source • Those with a keen interest in edtech [I want to work with people like this!] •Those who enjoy collaborating with various job groups such as planning/designers as well as developers •Those who manage technical debt efficiently •Those who are sensitive to changes in the front-end ecosystem •Those who are active in discussions •Thoughts about naming and easy-to-read code Those who do a lot • Those who have excellent troubleshooting skills [Journey to join the push and pull party] Document screening - Assignment screening - 1st and 2nd interviews - Treatment consultation - Joining the company * Some processes may be omitted or added. Resume (required) is free format and must be attached as a PDF file. Portfolio (optional) Please attach a Github link or PDF containing your own implementation.• Those with experience migrating operating services (legacy) to a new environment • Those with experience operating and developing E-Commerce services • Those with experience writing front-end Unit/Integration/E2E test code • CI/CD Those with experience building or operating an environment • Those with an understanding of Source Management System and Branch Strategy • Those with OAS (OpenAPI Specification)-based development experience • Those with experience developing php / node.js • Homepage (responsive web, etc.) Extensive construction and maintenance experience Experienced in app development (hybrid / native)• Experience developing services that support the entire PC mobile hybrid app • Experience building a design system (Storybook) • Anyone with a good understanding of the security industry or a strong understanding of the company's business direction • Boldly improving or refactoring existing libraries and legacy code • Person with experience • Person who actively seeks and reflects service improvement points from the customer’s perspective • Person with extensive experience in analyzing and responding to service performance and failures• Experience in leading a development team as a Tech Lead • Experience in launching B2B web services • Experience in building a design system • Ability to collaborate with planners/designers • Contribute to open source related to Javascript • Build and operate tests and CI/CD • Interested in new things People who enjoy sharing with team members • People who like to grow together through technology dissemination, code reviews, etc. 【 Nears Lab's main technology stack 】 • Front-end: Next.js TypeScript • Back-end: NestJS TypeORM Jest TypeScript • Infrastructure : Vercel AWS • Database: PostgreSQL 【 Recruitment Procedure 】 • Document screening, assignment screening, job interview, culture fit interview, treatment consultation, final pass • [Application form] is a free form, and if you have any data that can reveal the applicant’s capabilities, please feel free to send them:- ) • Only those who pass each procedure will proceed to the next procedure. 【 Employment Type 】 • Full-time employee (including 3-month probationary period)• Animation experience using canvas• Those with experience using Jira Slack • Those with experience using cloud services such as AWS NCP • Those with hybrid app/mobile experience- Those with experience in SSR projects using SPA Framework such as Next.js - Those with deep understanding of module bundlers such as Webpack Vite ESBuild - Those with experience using Protobuf/gRPC - Those with experience and relevant understanding of E2E Unit testing - Those who like to worry about improving UI/UX - Those who are interested in new technologies and strive for growth• Those with experience developing/operating cloud infrastructure such as AWS / AZURE • Those with experience developing React / Vue / Angular • Those with experience developing ssr environment (NuxtJS)• Those with code review technology seminar development culture experience or activation experience • Those with good communication skills • Those with experience continuously thinking about good UI/UX • Those with experience in back-end service development • Experience in developing e-commerce sites • Those with experience in SSR projects using SPA Framework such as Next.js • Those with experience in web performance optimization • Those with SEO experience • Those with testing and automation experience- Understanding of Next.js Typescript - Understanding of SEO theory - Familiarity with data structure algorithms and ability to write optimized code - Understanding and using version management and issue management systems - Understanding of backends such as Spring or Flask[Welfare] • Intensive work: When working 35 hours a week, leave work by choice/discretion - Pursuing a culture without overtime through intensive work during working hours • Dinner provided (when working overtime) and support for night transportation • Lunch subsidy • REFRESH leave and vacation expenses Support (annual) • Free vacation - Free use of annual leave and encouragement to use annual leave • Cafeteria operation - Free unlimited cafe drinks (coffee ade, etc.) within the office building - Unlimited Nespresso coffee, various beverages and teas, etc. - Cereal and milk provided • Health and leisure Activity support - Health checkup for executives and employees - Support for physical training expenses - Support for department activity expenses - Workshop support for each team • Scholarship support - Children's tuition support - Employee's school fund support • Congratulations and condolences support - Birthday and wedding anniversary cake exchange gift certificates, etc. - Birthday employees leaving work early - Various Congratulations and condolences, condolence leave and wreath support • Family Day operation - early departure from work on the third Friday of every month • Gifts provided to employees on Lunar New Year's Chuseok holidays • Rewards for long-term employees and excellent employees • Retirement pension (DC) system [Work environment] • 3 minutes away from Sinsa Station • Pleasant work environment- Those with project experience using Typescript/React.js/Node.js - Those with experience in unit testing UI testing and automation - Those with experience refactoring legacy code - Full-stack development experience or knowledge of backend systems Those with basic understanding - Those with experience participating in mobile service projects in e-commerce or fashion/beauty-related domains ※ Selection Guide Document screening - 1st interview (Live Coding) - Online personality test - 2nd interview (Whiteboard test) - Reference Check - Treatment Screening/Health Checkup - Pass *Skill test selection will be conducted when recruiting for Olive Young development positions. (Effective from October) *Interview methods and processes may change depending on the job. *If you pass the recruitment, a 3 month probationary period will apply. *If false information is found in the application, employment may be cancelled. *Document submission is only possible for one announcement. (Duplicate applications are not allowed) *Document screening closes at 23:59:00 on the closing date, so please pay attention to the timing when applying.• Those with experience in native app (Android iOS) development • Those with a focus on continuous refactoring of clean code • Those with experience contributing to open source • Those with experience and understanding of Web3 NFT blockchain, etc.• Those who have experience planning and launching their own services from A-Z • Those with experience in fast-paced startups or agile organizations • Those with experience developing GraphQL Apollo Client services • Greed for UI/UX details that users feel, such as animation and interaction • Those with an understanding of SEO policies and experience developing services using them • Those with experience in multilingual services using MultiLingual i18n (there are many multilingual languages ​​on Crea Trip) • Those with extensive experience in optimizing website performance, etc. • Person with extensive experience in writing test code• It is better if you have experience developing chart libraries. • It is better if you have an understanding of data visualization and user experience. • It is better if you have a high understanding of digital assets and securities markets. • It would be better if you have strengths in collaboration and communication. • It is even better if you have curiosity about technological innovation and a willingness to take on challenges.• Development experience using TypeScript • Experience using SSR or Isomorphic rendering framework (Next.js, etc.) • Deep understanding of HTML CSS Javascript • Experience measuring and optimizing website performance • Experience using various visualization libraries on the web • MSA-based development experience • Deep understanding of Clean Code Clean Architecture • Experience with code review or pair programming • Experience writing unit tests and UI tests • Experience using React Native[Job] - A person who has experience collaborating with server developers and is good at collaborating and communicating with various job groups such as branch planning/design/operations with a minimum understanding of server work - A strong sense of responsibility and challenging and proactive problem-solving ability This outstanding person - A person who values ​​“Why” and “How” more than “What” and has excellent execution skills - A person who values ​​customer feedback more than anything else for product differentiation - A person with a will to commercialize AI technology and Those with high passion - Those who sympathize with the growth potential of the field of industrial equipment condition diagnosis/failure prediction and have relevant experience or high interest [Web services] - Those with understanding or experience related to publishing such as web standards or web accessibility - Web services Those with experience or know-how in improving performance - Those with experience in troubleshooting various problems encountered in browsers [Development experience] - Those with experience creating web pages using JavaScript - Those with experience operating the applications they created as actual services - Those with experience building Node-based fullstack apps - Those with experience using backend web frameworks such as Nextjs Express - Those with a deep understanding of various API architecture styles such as GraphQL REST [Technology] - Same as Webpack Those who have experience configuring or solving problems that arise while using Deler - Those who have used a static type language or have an understanding of TypeScript - Those who have developed a basic understanding of OOP and considering objects/states/messages, etc. People - People with a basic understanding of functional types [Test] - People who have written unit test code through a testing framework such as Jest - People with experience in UI testingㆍA person who majored in computer engineering and has an understanding of data structure and network algorithms ㆍExperience using JavaScript TypeScript React Svelte TailwindCSS VSCode Firebase Figma ㆍA person with an understanding of web programming ㆍInterns and experience in POS-related fields ㆍConsidering code reuse and scalability ㆍThose who have experience or led a project cycle (from service design to construction and release) ㆍThose who are interested in the latest development trends ㆍThose who can speak English Those who live nearby and those who can go to work immediately Those eligible for employment promotion subsidies Those with relevant work experience (interns) ·Alba)• Those with experience in back-end development • Those with understanding of web standards and web accessibility and with publishing experience • Those with development experience in various environments (Mobile PC Table) • Those with React Project experience within SI work programs • Those with PWA project experience • Those with work experience project implementation based on Agile methodology • Those with basic English language skills- Those who can develop complete web applications - Those who have a high understanding of SPA (single page applications) and can develop them with the optimal combination - Those who have experience in UI development considering responsive design, web accessibility, and web standards - Git & Github - Those who are familiar with collaboration - Those who have experience in CI/CD operation and construction, including build and distribution automation and testing automation - Those who have experience in experiencing critical obstacles and wisely overcoming them - Those who systematically manage technical debt and make significant contributions to the business Those with experience providing assistance - Those with a related major, such as computer engineering or systems engineering. Please submit any materials that are helpful in expressing your work capabilities.• Qualified as an information processing engineer • Experienced in React Native development • Understanding of web languages ​​such as JSP • Ability to use Django Python • Experienced in related work- Those with experience in Web Frontend javascript Library (React.js, Angular.js, Vue.js, etc.) - Those with understanding and experience in the AWS GCP cloud environment - Those with experience in Docker Kubernetes - Those with Git-related experience Those with experience (Github Bitbucket, etc.) - Those with ELK stack experience (Elastic Search Logstash Kibana) - Those with Google Analytics Google Tag Manager Data Studio data analysis experience - Those with Mongodb Nosql DB experience - e-commerce Those who have experience building/operating a platform advertising tracking platform - Those who have experience developing and operating a commercial service from scratch - Those who can explain their technical experience well to others• Understanding of SSR CSR • Experience with CI/CD tools • Understanding of cloud computing environment- Those with experience in projects using TypeScript - Those with understanding and experience of Next.js - Those with experience optimizing web performance - Those with experience developing in the Agile Lean process - Experience in developing in the Agile Sprint MVP unit development process - Those with experience working as part of a startup or team creating a new service[Preferences]: Those with 2 or more years of relevant development experience Preferred: Those with development experience in various environments such as React.js, Angular.js, or those willing to take on challenges: Sufficient knowledge of the overall web service development environment and related development experience ( Apache Tomcat HTTPS, etc.): Sufficient knowledge of DB/SQL development environment and related development experience (MySQL and Maria DB): Sufficient understanding of Linux development environment and development experience using AWS: Willingness to take on the challenge of Python development and ability to learn Boone: Other than SW development, there is something else you like, such as ‘Using Arduino???’ Anyone who is interested in 'scuba diving' and can share it with team members• Graduated from a related department • Experienced in service development • Experienced in using flutterflow • Experienced in uploading to each store (android IOS) • Experienced in connecting to AWS Firebase service• Those who have thoroughly studied the basics such as Network (HTTP TCP) System Algorithm • Those who have experienced the initial design and development of services• Those with experience in startups and agile work methods • Those who can work agilely and actively interact with colleagues • Those with experience or understanding of e-commerce logistics • Those with experience using TypeScript- Those with experience developing web applications using Next.js - Those with interest in automated test code such as TDD/E2E - Those with experience in CI/CD automatic distribution and static analysis - Those with experience optimizing rendering performance bundle capacity - UI library Those with experience in modularization or Webpack modularization - Those who provide and receive continuous and effective feedback through code reviews - Those with diverse ideas for developing an in-house development culture - Those with professional understanding of networks and web browsersㆍServer-side rendering (SSR) experience ㆍWebsite design experience for web apps ㆍStatic type analysis experience using Typescript ㆍTesting and deployment automation experience ㆍMultilingual support and localization internationalization experience ㆍEfficient SEO configuration experience ㆍEnglish conversation• A person who is positive, responsible and able to communicate well.- Degree in computer engineering or computer science - More than 3 years of experience as a software engineer - Degree or work experience in design - Mobile app development experience - Good communication skills- Those with experience in testing tools such as Cypress Playwright - Open source contributors - Those who are curious and have the ability to learn quickly - Those with the ability to pursue things persistently - Those with experience working with OKR - Those who like surfing• More than 1 million users or equivalent service experience • Team leading experience • Experience building processes for collaboration with other developers • Experience developing and distributing libraries • Experience contributing to open source• Those who have knowledge of web accessibility and web standard cross-browsing • Those who have experience developing and operating services at startups • Those who do not feel the burden of learning a new language • Those who majored in computer engineering or have equivalent knowledge • Various Those who have experience communicating and collaborating with colleagues in their field • Those who have their own code that they can boast about (please leave your github address!)• Able to communicate well • Have interest and experience in various technical fields • Our company's ethical principle is "mutual courtesy." We welcome you as long as you show respect and care for each other.• Service launch and operation experience • Team lead experience • Experience attempting digital transformation in a traditional industry • API design experience - - - - - - - - - - I think you will be satisfied if someone like this comes • Real estate and construction market / Proptech field Those interested • Those who enjoy solving difficult problems • Those who want to define and execute necessary tasks for the growth of the company • Those who are confident in implementing logical and intuitive logic • Those who are always thinking about ways to increase productivity • Selection and concentration Those who think about work priorities first • Those who can learn new things quickly • Those who learn not only technology but also domain knowledge with passion • Those who can definitely produce results once they start • Culture Anyone who wants to create and improve the system together• More than 2 years of Vue.js project practical development experience • SPA-based front-end development experience such as Angular, React or Vue • Experience in implementing projects such as ERP / MES • Experience building Azure infrastructure • Proficient in Vue.js Node.js linux Docker • A person capable of business analysis and Evir design • Experienced in SI projects• Those with GraphQL experience • Those with experience in service analysis and marketing tools such as GTM GA Amplutidue Mixpanel • Those who are proactive and proactive in communicating • Those who will actively participate in performance improvement such as code reviews in the future • Overall IT development Those who are interested in technology• Experience in understanding and developing ES6 TypeScript • Those who can actively participate in UI/UX improvement and resolve issues • Those who are skilled in using collaboration tools (Jira Confluence Github Figma) • Those with experience in research activities related to front-end performance optimization • Flutter Experience developing native apps using React Native• Possess the ability to quickly apply new languages ​​or technologies by learning them • Familiar with a self-directed work environment and have a positive mindset • Able to communicate smoothly with various job groups such as planning, design, development and operations • Possess development and distribution experience in a Linux environment • Possesses container utilization technology such as Docker • Understanding of Deep Learning and experience using related frameworks• More than 3 years of React development experience • Experience in project management• Those with good communication and collaboration skills • Those with experience thinking about structures for large-scale web services • Those who develop services with affection for the services they create • Those who are quick at system analysis and have a desire to improveThose with experience in design-related occupations Those with a portfolio of homepage production based on Cafe24 Those with experience in production through the I'm Web solution Those with a design portfolio or homepage production portfolio• Those who are enterprising in problem solving and are not averse to learning new technologies • Those with experience developing React-Native apps • Those with experience developing Android or iOS native apps • Those with experience understanding or configuring design systems • Those with experience in developing web or iOS apps Individuals with experience in optimizing app performance and solving related problems • Individuals capable of conducting projects based on agile methodology and code reviews• Experience in building and upgrading shopping products • Experience in ANDROID (KOTLIN) / IOS (SWIFT) app development • Experience in development and operation in cloud (AWS Azure, etc.) environments • Experience in project distribution through GITHUB ACTION• A person who has a strong sense of responsibility for deadlines and is able to communicate smoothly between members • A person who thinks from the user's perspective and develops software • A person who adds stability to the service through meticulous programming • A person who understands the principles and always thinks about why it works the way it does • A person who actively performs work and expresses opinions clearly• Experience in unit test UI testing and deployment automation • Experience in development based on AWS environment • Experience in developing Webpack Node.JS • Individuals who are active in learning new technologies or programming language environments • Collaboration tools such as Git Jira Confluence People with user experience • People with the ability to collaborate with various job groups such as planning/design/operations/hardware developers to define problems and find solutions • Address problems necessary for the company’s growth without limiting the scope of work Those who want to actively solve and improve solutions • Those who have experience in collaborative development with outsourced developers• Someone with team leading experience or experience working in a startup environment • Someone who understands the work of other departments and can communicate smoothly is recommended. - Those with full-stack development experience - Those with experience collaborating with various departments such as planning, design, business development, and marketing - Those with experience working in the middle of business and technology while coordinating expectations and goals - Experience in developing various services and A person with problem-solving skills • A person who can take the lead in solving problems by approaching them logically and systematically • A person who is familiar with various collaboration tools and is active in using new tools • A person with experience implementing image editing functions, etc. Person • Holder of a master’s degree or higher in a related field[I would like someone like this] • A person with experience using BabylonJS ThreeJS • A person with a high understanding of 360 images ＞＞ Please submit the items below so that we can provide a more detailed review and feedback! - Publicly available github / jsfiddle / StackOverflow accounts and similar service accounts - Open source project links and descriptions - Portfolios containing output related to public web pages developed or contributed to development, etc.- Those with experience developing server-side rendering (SSR) and web apps within mobile apps and react-native apps - Those with experience in one project cycle from service design to construction and release - Those with experience in responsive web development - Experience in map-based services Someone who has this- Those with a deep understanding of Javascript - Those with experience developing services through React - Project experience handling large-scale projects or highly difficult tasks - Experience leading analysis design - Experience with various front-end frameworks• Those who are not reluctant to learn a new field • Those who have development experience in mobile hybrid app development • Those who have a high understanding of UI/UX design or experience using design tools • Those who are comfortable with test automation and building a CI/CD environment Those with interest and experience • Those with understanding and experience in web accessibility and security • Those familiar with developing on the Linux operating system and using commands• Those with a sufficient understanding of TelePIX's products and business models • Those with an understanding of Git Git Flow • Those with CI/CD deployment experience • Those with an understanding of GraphQL and Apollo Relay • Learn and apply new technologies People who enjoy what they do • People who have good communication skills• Graduated from a related department • Experienced in service development • Experienced in using flutterflow • Experienced in uploading to each store (android IOS) • Experienced in connecting to AWS Firebase service• Experience building app distribution CI/CD • Experience building a design system • Experience developing native apps • Experience developing Web Socket-based services • Those who are interested in the fitness ecosystem• Those with excellent web publishing skills • Those with basic knowledge of web front-end • Those with experience developing using CI CD building web frameworks • Those able to use AWS (Cloud Watch) data reader • Bltbucket AWS (S3 Cloud Front) Route53) Available for useㆍA person who majored in computer engineering and has an understanding of data structure and network algorithms ㆍExperience using JavaScript TypeScript React TailwindCSS VSCode Firebase Figma ㆍA person with an understanding of web programming ㆍInterns and experience in POS-related fields ㆍConsidering code reuse and scalability Those who can develop ㆍThose who have experience or led a project cycle (from service design to construction and release) ㆍThose who are interested in the latest development trends ㆍThose who can speak English Those who live nearby Those who can go to work immediately Those eligible for employment promotion subsidies Those with relevant work experience (interns, etc.) Alba)• Understanding of TypeScript and basic knowledge of node.js • Test automation and test-led development • Smooth communication with back-end developers • Experience using front-end development tools such as Babel Webpack NPM• Those who are proficient in using TypeScript • Those who have experience utilizing frameworks and libraries such as Next.js, Nx, Redux, Zustand Recoil, etc. • Those with CI/CD TDD experience • Those with knowledge and experience in web standards/accessibility • Legacy A person with experience refactoring code • A person with understanding or project experience in PHP or JAVA languages- Those who cannot tolerate an ugly UI - Those with experience in a Linux development environment - Those with experience or interest in development using Node.js npm - Those who enjoy improving code quality and refactoring code and are interested in learning programming languages ​​- Three Individuals with development experience using .js libraries - Individuals who are self-directed and strive to grow together with colleagues• Recoil | Mobx | Anyone with development experience using State Management such as Zustand • NestJS | Next.js | Those who have the ability to use frameworks such as Vue or have worked on projects • Those who have an understanding of web accessibility and DOM • Those who have experience optimizing web application performance • Those who are interested in back-end development • Vite | Webpack | People with extensive experience in Bundler, such as Rollup • People who are interested in new technologies and like taking on challenges • People with good communication and collaboration skills • People who are open to code reviews- Those with experience using the latest ECMAScript features (ES2016 or higher) - Those with experience developing based on frameworks such as React Nextjs - Those with experience developing based on state management libraries such as Redux Recoil MobX• Those with experience in TypeScript development • Those with experience in map-based services • Those with interest and will to learn new technologies • Those with interest and understanding of real estate [Recruitment Procedure] Document screening - Interview screening - Treatment consultation - Final acceptance *For some positions, a second interview may be conducted.• Engineering major • Understanding of client/server • High understanding of UX/UI concepts and latest web trend technologies • Restful API-related development experience• Those who have consistently worked to develop quality software • Those with the ability to collaborate with various job groups such as planning/design • Those with experience or no resistance to code reviews • Those who are familiar with collaborating using Git • Utilize AWS Those with experience in development and operation • Those with an understanding of browser rendering • Those with experience managing state through Vuex Pinia • Those with experience in overcoming various obstacles• React development experience or equivalent SPA (Vue.js) development experience • REST API development experience • Typescript development experience • Android/IOSApp development experience • Linux-based development experience • Co-browsing related technology development experience- Has basic knowledge of PHP - Handley's main FE consists of React (Context API React-query). - Handly is a service that excels at linking with other services such as Google API and Slack API. - Those who work on projects with a sense of responsibility and develop meticulously by thinking from the user's perspective - Those who are sensitive to changes in IT trends and are not afraid of learning - Those who can communicate and collaborate smoothly with planners, designers, and fellow developers - Those who are afraid of challenges A person who can meticulously solve difficult problems without having to do anything - A person who pays deep attention to UI details and pursues high-quality results- Experience developing WEB BE framework (ASP .Net core Node.js Java Spring) - Experience developing Web GL Renderer (Pixi.js, etc.) - Graduate from a 4-year computer-related department **Example of preferred personnel** - Regardless of field “ Those who have experience “expressing multiple moving components in a web browser” or have developed “a service that collects information from multiple objects and displays it in a dashboard” are preferred candidates. - Those who have experience developing a service that monitors multiple robots in real time in the manufacturing/logistics field - Those who have experience developing a real-time location monitoring service for delivery workers at a food delivery platform service company - Those who have experience developing a screen in which multiple users' avatars move simultaneously at a gaming company - People who have experience developing dashboards or report screens that monitor real-time information on target facilities in industrial fields such as buildings/ports/energy plants- Those with experience in deploying and operating web services based on Vue3 or Nuxt3 - Those with experience in processing (optimizing) large amounts of traffic - Those who will think and develop their services together from a customer-centered perspective - Stimulate colleagues around them through code reviews, etc. Giver - A person who is curious about new technologies and shares them widely.** Preference will be given if any of the following apply. • Those with more than 8 years of related experience • Those with experience in web development of hybrid mobile apps • Those with a basic understanding of design patterns such as OOP MVVM • Those with a bachelor’s degree or higher in software engineering, such as CS CE- Those who know the difference between SSR and SSG CSR and can use them in appropriate situations - Those who have experience solving problems using GitHub workflow - Those who have a good understanding of JavaScript and TypeScript and can skillfully distinguish and use TypeScript's various type systems - Those who have appropriately used state management with external libraries such as SWR TanStack Query or React functions such as Context - Those who work with high metacognition in their work - We welcome portfolios containing consistent activities!• Those with a computer-related major or equivalent knowledge • Those with experience using module bundlers such as webpack esbuild • Those with experience in version management and collaboration through git github, etc. • Those with experience building and operating infrastructure on AWS (ex. ECS CloudFront Amplify) • Those with experience developing server-side rendering (SSR) using Next.js Nuxt.js • Those with experience developing design systems • Those with experience in automating testing and deployment • Web accessibility Web standards Anyone with experience in UI development considering responsive design• Lunch cost support, snack performance bonus •• It would be good if you have more than 3 years of experience developing and operating front-end services or working to improve them. • It is recommended if you have experience with server-side rendering using Next.js. • It is recommended if you have experience operating a unified service through Monorepo. • We need someone who can collaborate with various departments based on excellent communication skills.• Those with Java & Spring framework development experience • Those who are interested in new technologies and actively embrace them• Those with experience in server-side rendering (SSR) • Those with experience in maintenance such as bundle optimization and rendering optimization • Those with experience collaborating with design guides (Figma, etc.) • Those with experience solving props drilling through global state management • API with ReactQuery Those who have experience with call and cache control • Those who can interact with servers in REST • Those who have used Postman or have an understanding of Open API 3.0 • Those who have an understanding of cloud services such as Vercel S3 CloudFront• Those who have experience refactoring code written by others • Those who have experience developing and maintaining services with continuous growth in sales or MAU • Those who want to create a development culture such as code reviews and development seminars • Apply various skills A person who is not reluctant to do something • A person with experience leading a team or fellow developers #Technology stack HTML CSS TypeScript React.js Next.js Styled-Components SCSS React Query Recoil SWR Git JetBrains Space Github Slack Figma Webstorm Docker AWS Kubernetes Teamcity ArgoCD Datadog- Experience in developing MAP UX - Those interested in map optimization using OpenGL - Experience in B2B SaaS platform development - AWS experience preferred - Experience in build/test/deployment automation - Experience and interest in continuous refactoring and test automation - Those who are interested in architecture or design patterns such as MVVM MVC - Those who can write concise, structured code that is highly readable- Those with interest or domain knowledge in the blockchain industry, such as DeFi NFT - Those with experience developing Next.js - Experience using state management libraries such as Redux - Those with experience leading front-end units at startups - Service planning Those with /distribution/operation experience• Those skilled in handling Typescript • Those with experience developing desktop applications using Electron • Those with a deep understanding of module bundlers such as webpack Vite rollup.js • Those with experience writing TDD-based test code • Those who are passionate about writing good code • Those who have experience optimizing app performance • Those who have experience designing scalable CSS by applying methodology • Those who can implement responsive design with markup • Those who can implement smooth animation in the browser • Those who have experience in introducing and managing a design system • Those who place a high value on UI/UX accessibility • Those with experience in search engine optimization (SEO) • Collaboration tools such as Jira Slack Those who are familiar with • Those who have experience developing medical-related programs such as EMR OCS PACS billing softwareㆍExperienced in the manufacturing industry and logistics industry environment ㆍExperienced in using Git ㆍFull stack capable• Those with experience in developing app services with actual users from React Native development • Those with experience developing RESTful API-based integration between servers and clients • Those with Typescript experience • Those with experience in server-side development or understanding of back-end • Those who can collaborate with Git • Those who have a high understanding of mobile UX/UI guidelines • Those who can integrate analysis tools such as Firebase or Amplitude [Recruitment Procedure] • Document review ＞ Team interview ＞ Treatment discussion ＞ Confirmation of employment• Next.js styled-component TypeScript (preferred)1. Those who have work experience related to GIS LBS Mobility or are interested in space-based services 2. Those who have experience in full-cycle development for new projects 3. Those who have experience using cloud platform technology (AWS GCP, etc.) 4. Those who have experience in data visualization 5. A person with the reasoning ability to identify problems and find their causes 6. A person who has continuously made efforts to improve code and improve the quality of software 7. A person who can find new problems on their own and become proficient at solving them Capability to solve problems 8. Effective communication capabilities for collaboration with various stakeholdersㆍA person who majored in computer engineering and has an understanding of data structure and network algorithms ㆍExperience using JavaScript TypeScript React TailwindCSS VSCode Firebase Figma ㆍA person with an understanding of web programming ㆍInterns and experience in POS-related fields ㆍConsidering code reuse and scalability Those who can develop ㆍThose who have experience or led a project cycle (from service design to construction and release) ㆍThose who are interested in the latest development trends ㆍThose who can speak English Those who live nearby Those who can go to work immediately Those eligible for employment promotion subsidies Those with relevant work experience (interns, etc.) Alba)• Those majoring in computer/systems engineering, electrical/electronic engineering, etc. • Those with experience in server-side development or a basic understanding and experience of backend • Those with experience in test automation • Those with development experience using TypeScript • SSR or Isomorphic rendering Those with experience using frameworks (Next.js, etc.) • Those with experience using/developing Vue Angular Next • Those with deep understanding and experience of HTML CSS Javascript • Those with experience measuring and optimizing website performance • People with experience using various visualization libraries on the web • People with experience in MSA-based development • People with experience writing unit tests and UI tests • People who want positive and continuous growth in new technologies • People with code quality services such as code reviews Those who strive to improve qualityPreferences 1. UI/UX design experience 2. Development experience in a cloud-based environment (e.g. AWS Azure) 3. Knowledge or experience in accounting or manufacturing 4. Test code and deployment automation (CI/CD) experience 5. Project One cycle (design to build and release) experience 6. Server-side rendering (SSR) experience or mobile web view development experience 7. Familiarity with Agile/Scrum development process• Those who have experience in the process from the initial product project construction stage to deployment operation • Those who have experience configuring and operating Monorepo Micro Frontend • Those who have experience developing UI libraries or modules with Vanilla JS • Those who are comfortable with various environments, including legacy • Anyone familiar with writing test code• More than 5 years of relevant experience • Experienced in using middleware for Webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc. • Experienced in mobile (hybrid native) development • Experienced in Kubernetes-based cloud infrastructure • Experienced in using AWS or GCP• Those with experience improving front-end performance • Those with experience in service development and operation • Those with experience in search engine optimization (SEO) • Those who are interested in new technologies and strive to grow steadily • Work well with back-end developers Those with a basic understanding of communication • Those with experience writing TDD or test code- Those with development experience in the blockchain field or knowledge of the blockchain domain - Those who enjoy thinking about improving UI/UX - Those who are interested in new technologies and strive for self-development - Those with experience in front-end test automation Person - Experienced in optimizing browser-level rendering performance [Development environment] - Key technologies: TypeScript React Next.js SWR Recoil Vercel - Work tools: Git Jira Figma Confluence Slack Notion• Those with experience in testing and deployment automation (DevOps) • Those with development experience in logically analyzing and designing business requirements • Those with experience in back-end development • Those with experience leading projects and supervising members, even on a small scale [Common] • Those with experience working in the educational domain • Those who understand and adhere to the value of software design principles • Those who understand and put into practice the value of Test Driven Development • Those who understand the value of Domain Driven Design and incorporate it into their results A person who can endure• At least 3 years of experience in the relevant field• Those with experience in back-end development in addition to the front-end • Those with experience in writing unit/integration test code • Those with experience in development, release and operation from the initial design of a service • Integration with payment platforms such as PG cannot be done according to the provided protocols There are a lot of times, but there are people who can say that this is how it is and go through it step by step.• Those who are not reluctant to adopt new technologies • Those who practice self-directed learning to achieve their goals • Those with experience in version management and collaboration through Svn Git, etc. • Those with experience in UI development considering responsive design, web accessibility, and web standards Person with experience • Experience with JavaScript static type analysis using Typescript• Ability to design and implement reusable components • Familiar with data querying and operations • Experience in clean code design and refactoring • Experience in service launch and operation• Experienced in crawling• Experienced in Data Visualization• It is best if you have excellent communication skills. • It is best if you have the personality and ability to actively seek out and improve tasks necessary for service improvement. • It is recommended if you have experience applying or using Typescript and writing test code (Jest Jasmine Mocha...). • It is good if you are someone who always thinks about optimization and refactoring. • It is recommended if you have experience optimizing front-end performance or cross-browsing in multiple environments. • It is best if you have an interest in and excellent adaptability to development languages ​​and tools that can increase work productivity and service performance. • It is best if you can read development documents in English.• Those with a strong understanding and interest in UI/UX • Those with experience in design system development • Those with experience in test automation and test-driven development • Those with experience in agile methodology • Frames such as React or Vue Angular Work experience• A person with a deep understanding of the JavaScript development environment and web software life cycle • Experience contributing to open source projects • Full-Stack Web Developer • A person skilled in using Angular • A person with CI/CD experience• Angular Vue.js React development experience • Responsive web design development experience • UI/UX design development experience1) Development experience using Elastic Stack 2) High understanding of networks 3) Understanding of REST and web-based communication 4) Experience using chart libraries such as chart.js[We prefer people like this!] • Nuxt development experience • Node.js development experience • PHP development experience • Proficient in using distributed version control systems such as Git • Someone who is interested in new technologies and strives for growth• Those with experience developing medical software • Those familiar with development and collaboration tools (Azure DevOps. JIRA Confluence Git NPM Figma) • Those with experience building and developing UI tests • Experience developing and operating services using AWS • A little sense of planning that can be developed without a detailed plan• Those who are capable of vue.js • Those who are capable of web publishing • Those who have experience with various web development frameworks • Those who are good at code analysis • Those who are interested in new technologies and willing to take on challenges • Smooth collaboration with designers/planners through Figma Those who are able • Those who are active and proactive in collaborating with other teams • Those who are familiar with collaboration through git jira slack, etc.- Those with understanding and experience in Clean Architecture - Those with CI/CD experience in a Vercel environment - Those with understanding of each platform (mobile, desktop, web, etc.) - Interested in conveying clear purpose to users through interaction Many people - Those with the ability to recognize and solve problems through user research - Those who are skilled in writing development-related documents - Those who are familiar with agile processes• Project leading or team leader experience • Understanding of design and experience applying UI framework/Library development • Experience developing data-based B2C/B2B services • Experience developing renewable energy power markets • Information on startups Experience and understanding • Possession of electrical information and communication certification• Experience utilizing Windows System API in web applications • Development experience in AWS cloud environment • Development experience in Vue.js version 2 • Experience measuring and improving performance of web applications • Unit/integration testing experience- UI/UX design knowledge preferred - Experience using e-commerce frameworks such as Godot Mall and First Mall - Individuals with active and positive communication skills• Development experience using Typescript • Development experience using ES6+ • Collaboration experience • Experience using GraphQL• Personal equipment: Dual monitor supported by MacBook or desired PC • Work type: Flexible working hours (10:00 to 15:00) Core time work • Self-development: Long-term service, refresh leave and vacation expenses support, Lunar New Year & Chuseok holiday gifts, and accommodation expenses supported up to 200,000 won Acquaintances Recommendation reward: 1 million won, support for work-related books, support up to 50,000 won for communication expenses, support up to 50,000 won for language/physical fitness (select one) • Commute transportation: support for business trip transportation expenses, support for overtime meals and taxi expenses • Meals and snacks: support for food stamp points, coffee machine and snacks Support • Salary system: Annual severance pay, 4 major insurances • Insurance and medical care: Comprehensive checkups provided, congratulations and condolences expenses• Those with a computer engineering major or equivalent major and knowledge • Those with ongoing interest in new technologies and trends • Those with server-side development experience or understanding of back-end development • Hybrid app (React Native Flutter, etc.) development Someone with experience• Those with experience developing document automation editing tools and image/video editing tools • Experience using various web framework technologies • Those with back-end collaboration experience or understanding of Node.js • Those with experience developing web-based applications or computer graphics • Those who are familiar with self-directed development- Those who have experience with React Typescript ES6+ SCSS - Those who have experience with mqtt (rabbit-mq) - Those who have experience with Linux docker Jenkins nexus- Backend development experience - Commercial service development experience - Unity 3D development experience• Experience in developing technologies related to co-browsing • Experience in developing video consultation based on WebSocket and WebRTC technology • Experience in developing VoIP linkage using SIP • Experience in developing Open Source customization • Experience in using collaboration tools such as Jira/Confluence• Source code or link to check technical specifications • Experience developing web applications using React NextJs, etc. • Experience with 3D programming through the web, such as Babylon threejs D3 • Experience programming using WebRTC socket.io WebSocket, etc. • Experience developing server applications using Nodejs/python/c#/java • Experience as a project lead• Smooth communication skills • IOS/AOS native understanding • Experience building camera functions/editing (Trimmer Adjustment Layer) using React Native- Those with experience developing using Flutter - Those with experience developing hybrid apps using Ionic5 - Those with experience developing Typescript - Those with experience developing UI that takes responsive design web accessibility into consideration• Those with e-commerce related work experience• Those who like Typescript • Experience leading the entire web service development processㆍA person with a good understanding of information security handling tasks ㆍA person with smooth communication skills• Editor development experience • Test-led development experience • Experience in stable service operation • Experience in activities for service optimization • People who actively use TypeScript• ES6 Typescript • Mobile development experience • Experience improving code quality through TEST• Development experience and interest in Javascript MV* architecture • Back-end development experience and understanding of databases • Experience creating or participating in development culture and processes • Understanding of cross-browsing and responsive web • Taking initiative rather than simply completing the given development A person who can discover/analyze problems and propose solutions• Those who can use TypeScript • Those who can develop based on frameworks such as React / React Native Vue.js• Experienced in carrying out e-learning related projects • Experienced in web publishing- Those with experience in developing and operating services for actual end users - Those with experience building AWS infrastructure - Those with experience in operating and developing artificial intelligence-linked systems - Those with various ideas for developing better usability improvement plans and culture - Constantly learning new things People who enjoy growing - People with logical and systematic problem-solving skillsDozen’s privilege! - Intensive work 7 hours per day / 35 hours per week - Super close to Shinnonhyeon Station! Kyobo Tower office with a great view - Leisurely lunch time of 1 hour + 30 minutes - Individual corporate credit card payment (lunch + transportation expenses) - Support for equipment purchase costs - Support for education/book/hobby activity/fitness training expenses - Unlimited variety of snacks provided More than 30 days of vacation without seeing you - Annual leave can be used as soon as you join the company - New hires get 4 more days of vacation to celebrate joining the company! - 12 days of additional paid refresh leave in addition to annual leave - Dozen's special Dozn Day 6dlf - Family Day, which allows early departure from work on family anniversaries - 30 days of paid leave and vacation pay for every three years of service - Employee vacation support project ‍‍‍Gahwa Everything - Comprehensive health check-up provided to employees every year - Happy birthday department store gift certificate provided - Support for congratulatory leave and condolence expenses - Provision of holiday gifts - Operation of an in-house vacation resort - 2 weeks of wedding celebration vacation In addition - Support for breakfast and dinner - Support for workshops - Support for team dinner expenses - In-house club - Talent recommendation support - In-house relaxation lounge where you can relax - Shorts and sandals are OK! Autonomous clothing #Establishment 4~9 years #Refreshing vacation #35 hours a week• Those with experience in Flutter development • Those with experience in React React Native • Those with experience in Firebase and AWS-based services • Those with experience in iOS Android development • Those with experience working in the medical and healthcare industry • Those with experience working in startups[This type of person is even better!] - Experience using Typescript - A person who can communicate smoothly with various job groups such as planning, operation, design and development - A person with excellent follow-up ability to respond to various requests - A person with experience in testing frameworks - Possess the ability to work individually and collaboratively within a team environment.• Those with experience in search engine optimization (SEO) • Those with experience in server-side rendering (SSR) and web app development within mobile apps • Those with experience in monitoring development and operation by participating from the initial planning stage ■ Full-time: Shareround’s culture and vision There is a 6-month probationary period to check if it fits the requirements. ■ Recruitment process documents - Online interview - Project performance - Culture fit interview 1. Documents • Resume and career description or portfolio: Show how you defined and solved the user's problem 2. Online Interview: Time to increase your understanding of the company and the job in question 3. Project performance: Perform actual projects for the job you are applying for (appropriate compensation regardless of the results) 4. Culture fit interview• Experience developing various charts and dashboards • Experience modularizing projects using webpack rollup, etc. • Experience using SSR frameworks such as Remix Next.js • Experience improving performance or security vulnerabilities • Experience conducting projects using Web assembly • Unit test End Design and experience in to-end testing, etc. • Those with understanding and experience of design pattern TDD Agile • Those with experience developing in AWS Cloud environment/Experience in transferring/processing large files • Information on conducted project studies, etc. Those who submit source code (Github, etc.) or portfolio that can be verified • Those who have experience developing services for cross platforms such as Electron• Experience in building and operating CI/CD in an AWS environment • Work experience at a startup company • Experience in mobile or responsive web development • Individuals who want to proactively find and solve problems • Individuals with the ability to communicate well with server developers and design staff • A person with a user experience-centered mindset• It is best if you have excellent communication skills. • It is best if you have the personality and ability to actively seek out and improve tasks necessary for service improvement. • It is recommended if you have experience applying or using Typescript and writing test code (Jest Jasmine Mocha...). • It is good if you are someone who always thinks about optimization and refactoring. • It is recommended if you have experience optimizing front-end performance or cross-browsing in multiple environments. • It is best if you have an interest in and excellent adaptability to development languages ​​and tools that can increase work productivity and service performance. • It is best if you can read development documents in English.• Full-stack development experience • Online advertising-related service/platform development experience • Computer major graduate • Knowledge and experience improving front-end performance, such as rendering optimization• A person who can understand and apply design patterns to code and is skilled in architecture design • A person who knows how to write clean code and is good at refactoring through code reviews • A person who has excellent communication skills and can communicate smoothly with related departments • Demonstrates leadership A person with excellent ability to lead team members• Those who like to worry about improving UI/UX • Those with experience in the e-Commerce field• Experience with advanced use of AWS • Experience with OAuth • Experience with blockchain wallet service integration• Those who have changed the technology stack due to poor legacy performance of existing services, etc. • Those who have thought deeply about performance improvement/optimization of React Native • Those who have experience developing UI considering web accessibility, web standards, and responsive design • Mobile apps Those who have experience developing a sophisticated web view environment • As a leader, you are or have thought deeply about smooth work progress with various teams • You have designed or built front-end CI/CD using AWS GCP Vercel Netlify, etc. People with experience • People who have built various services as a mono repo • People who have an open mind and a fundamental understanding and curiosity about technology, so they can constantly communicate with members around them• Those with an understanding of the online advertising business • Those with the ability to communicate smoothly with related departments such as marketing/planning • Those with an understanding of web standards and cross-browsing • Those with understanding of and development experience in Restful API • New Those who are active in introducing the technology stack • Those who are interested in or have experience in the digital marketing field • Those who have submitted a portfolio and git• Those with development experience in Vue • Those with design system development experience • Those who prefer or want to experience work methods such as Agile Scrum • Those with direct experience leading a project from the beginning to release • Experience with unit testing E2E testing Anyone with this• Experience in SaaS platform development and management is preferred. • It would be good if you have experience developing digital healthcare-related fields. • It is best if you have extensive experience in responding to various service failure situations. • It would be good if you have experience developing mobile apps. • Responsive design, web accessibility, it would be good if you have experience in UI development considering web standards. • Experience with testing and deployment automation is preferred. • It would be great if you can also design APIs. • It would be good if you are someone who can proactively discover and analyze problems and suggest solutions. • It is best if you have good communication skills.- Those who like to worry about improving UI/UX - Experience implementing major UI components (Button ComboBox List ScrollBar Grid) - Ability to communicate smoothly with server developer and design staff - Experience with Vue.js - Interested in new technologies and self-development Those who strive for this - Those who have experience organizing and developing a design system *Selection procedure Document screening - Coding test - Practical interview - Personality interview (personality test) - Treatment consultation - Joining the company• Those with understanding or experience of MSA (MicroService Architecture) • Those with understanding or experience with Containers • Those with experience in automating build and deployment • Those with experience in jQuery development • Experience in backend development such as Node.js Spring Anyone who hasㆍPeople with an overall understanding of web services ㆍPeople with a high level of understanding of webview apps ㆍPeople who freely share opinions on products or development ㆍPeople who can go to work immediatelyThose who have experience developing using Angular Those who have experience creating libraries using d3.js Those who have experience successfully launching commercial services Those who have experience building LLM services Those who are also interested in AI technology and education Fields of new technology A person who is interested in and strives for self-development- Those with proper team management experience - Those with experience using various state management libraries such as MobX Zustand React-Query - Those with experience in understanding and building design systems (using Storybook, etc.) - Those with various troubleshooting experiences - Those with experience in planning and launching a small service on their own - Those with experience in creating a PC service using Electron - Those with experience in CI/CD configuration/management - Performance tuning through debugging and profiling People with experience optimizing performance through work [I want to work with people like this!] - People with experience leading small-scale projects in the workplace - People with experience in performance optimization - Experience in achieving results in startups or similar work environments - Unit test UI Experience in testing and deployment automation - Those who have experience collaborating with team members to improve the development culture - Those who are not reluctant to use the latest technologies [Technologies used by Solbook] - NextJS React TypeScript NodeJS Express - MobX Zustand React-Query - Antd Styled Components Storybook - PostgreSQL Redis Knex Bull - AWS Lambda Azure DevOps Nginx Puppeteer TinyMce Turbo - Sentry Mixpanel Elastic Cache [Please read!] - Please attach a career description (PDF format) when applying. - Please write career descriptions focusing on projects or collaborative activities that demonstrate your technical skills. (Main work details during the progress period, technical skills contributed, results/performance/achievement, etc.) Presented during the interview in the form of slides - We strive to review documents within 5 business days.- Experience developing web-based IDE or no-code tools - Experience with backend frameworks such as Spring node.js - Understanding web performance optimization and security - Experience with product development cycle - Project/team leading experience• Experience in React/Spring boot-based web frontend development• Docker • Nuxt • Vue Component testing using Storyboard • Using Tailwind • Experience collaborating with designers through Figma • Experience developing commerce services [Interview Procedure] • Document screening ＞ 1st interview ＞ 2nd interview (depending on the situation) ＞ References (Proceeded depending on the case) ＞ Final acceptance- Those with server-side development experience or a basic understanding of the backend - Those with a high value attitude toward good UI/UX - Experience in responsive web development - Those with experience in collaborative and efficient deployment management - As a developer Those who want to work independently and develop their own services - Those who can work independently• Those who sympathize with the importance of communication in collaboration • Those who have experience leading an organization or mentoring members and growing together • Those who are familiar with or have work experience in a startup organizational culture • Those who have experience working in a startup organization • Provide the parts they think are necessary A person with a proactive work attitude who seeks and improves • A person who is active in sharing knowledge through code reviews and technical seminars〓 It’s even better if you’re like this! 〓 • Experience in using web frameworks • Experience in web service planning • Information processing engineer qualification holder - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -• People with experience developing web views within mobile apps • People with experience developing and operating using TypeScript • People with experience improving team development efficiency, such as introducing a design system • People with experience creating components or libraries by generalizing requirements • Person with understanding and experience in test-driven development • Person with experience in markup development and optimization• Those with experience developing and launching a commerce O2O content platform • Those with experience developing mobile app services • Those who are interested in new technologies and strive for self-development • Those who can speak English• Those who have experience applying state management libraries: Jotai Recoil Redux MobX etc • Those who have experience developing visualization tools such as charts and graphs: Chart.js D3.js etc • Those who have experience understanding and developing design systems • Unit testing E2E Those with experience writing test code, such as tests • Those with a high interest in and understanding of RESTful API/GraphQL, etc. • Those with experience in automating development processes, such as test distribution • Those with experience measuring and optimizing website performance • Developing complex forms Someone with experience- WebRTC: Experience implementing real-time communication using WebRTC. - WebSocket/PubSub: Experience using WebSocket Experience in communication in the form of PubSub - Experience in performance optimization - TDD: Experience in test-driven development - Cloud deployment experience: Deployment experience in Clyde environments such as AWS/GCP - Use of Tailwindcss / styled-component (emotion, etc.) experience• A person with a deep understanding of the Android iOS environment and skilled in performance optimization • A person with experience in testing and deployment automation • A person who is always thinking about improving maintainability • A person who is constantly thinking about performance optimization and new methods • Active A person who diagnoses problems and solves them creatively • A person who actively communicates with colleagues with flexible thinking• Those with experience developing UI in consideration of responsive design, web accessibility, and web standards • Those with experience using Webpack • Those with experience developing MLOps Platform • Those with experience in front-end unit testing and UI testing *Skills used - Core: HTML CSS3 Javascript Typescript React Next.js - Package Manager: npm Yarn Berry - State Management: React Query Recoil - Styling: SCSS with CSS Module - Build: Webpack Babel• We like people who have experience developing services in the financial sector. • I like people who have experience producing results with passion and persistence. • I like people who like documentation and are good at it. • I like people who are good at abstracting complex logic into a simple way. • I like people who have experience creating or failing through agile processes. • I like people with analytical thinking who can solve diverse and complex problems based on data. • I like people who have experience defining and solving problems from the customer’s perspective. • I like people who can proactively discover and analyze problems and propose solutions rather than simply completing the given development.• Those who are interested in the edtech industry • Those who are interested in technology trends and like new challenges • Those who are confident in collaborating with team members with flexible communication skills• Those with experience in mobile advertising, especially AdTech • Those with experience developing reporting systems • Those with experience developing React Vue-based web services or SPA • Those with experience in asynchronous processing of state management • Experience in fast execution and iterative improvement Mighty One• Those with an understanding of global state management libraries such as redux/recoil/jotai • Those with an understanding of data fetching libraries such as react-query/RTK query • Those with experience using various CSS libraries such as styled-component/tailwind CSS • Those who have experience launching even a small service • Those who have experience writing FE component test code • Those who are skilled in using configuration management such as Git Github • Those who submit portfolios will be reviewed first.• Those who can discover and solve problems on their own • Those who can discover and automate repetitive work patterns • Those who can propose and implement better UI/UX • Those who have experience leading a team • Those who can think of their own Those who can express themselves well in writing • Those who are active in open source development and contribution • Experience in optimizing web application performance- Those with an interest in virtual asset (digital asset) financial blockchain - Those with development experience or learning in a cloud (AWS, etc.) environment - Those who are interested in the latest technology and enjoy sharing• Those with development experience in RestAPI GraphQL WebSocket • Those who are active in learning and growing new technologies* If you have experience with this tendency, even better! - Those who are interested in the construction industry or B2B SaaS GIS - Those who have experience analyzing and optimizing website performance - Those who have development experience using leaflet.js Three.js Cesium or WebGL - Next.js Nuxt.js SvelteKit, etc. Those with development experience - Those with experience operating services and solving problems in various situations - Those who write test code for maintainable code and always worry about refactoring and optimization - In-depth knowledge of tools such as Babel Webpack Vite Anyone with understanding and construction experience• Vue • Typescript • Swagger • MSA • Cloud environment: Google Cloud Platform Firebase Amazon Web Services • All technical and development experience preferred, excluding other essential technical requirements • Agile project work experience • Computer Science/Engineering related degree • For writing development history documents Ability to write Markdown (or Notion)• Those with experience developing document management systems • Those with experience using build tools such as webpack rollup • Those with experience operating AWS Azure cloud servers • Those with experience developing mobile apps using Flutter • Experience with mobile and web publishing Someone who has this• Those with experience running or participating in boot camps or training programs • Those with excellent document writing skills using Notion, Excel, Google Spreadsheet, etc. • Those with meticulous work processing skills 【 This is how you join 】 1. Document submission 2. Pre-assignment 3. Interview 4. Reference check 5. Joining • After passing the documents, proceed with the pre-assignment. • We provide an assignment fee when you submit an assignment. • Depending on the applicant, the interview process may be followed by an assignment process. Please note that in this case, we will notify you in advance. • Interviews are held at the Code It office, and interviews related to the job and culture fit are conducted within one day. • Reference checks are conducted after the interview. • Reference checks are carried out after obtaining consent from the applicant and providing detailed information in advance about the process and deadlines. Depending on the applicant, this procedure may be omitted. 【 Submission Documents 】 • (Required) Resume • (Optional) Portfolio • (Required) Please tell us what motivated you to apply to Code It. (*No character limit) 【 Please note 】 • In the case of full-time employment, there is a 3-month probationary period. • Depending on the results of the probationary period evaluation, the probationary period may be extended or employment may be cancelled. • Working style • Codeit’s core time is from Monday to Friday from 1 to 5 p.m. • You can go to the office (Euljiro WeWork) on Mondays/Wednesdays/Fridays and work from home during non-core hours on Mondays/Wednesdays/Fridays and Tuesdays/Thursdays. (40-hour flexible work week) • Leads may request to come to work due to important company work/events.• A person who constantly thinks and researches for optimizing web service performance and better usability • Experience in server-side development or understanding of the backend • Experience in establishing and automating test scenarios such as Unit E2E • Development culture through continuous learning and active knowledge sharing Ability and experience to develop a culture that respects the capabilities of team members and promotes individual growth• Development experience using Next.js • TypeScript-based project experience • Open source activity experience. • Experience leading the entire web service development process • Experience setting up or leading a development organization of 4 or more people • Experience improving work processes and development culture • A person who can select the best technology suited to the business situation • A person who enjoys communicating with a variety of job groups• Experience in blockchain-related projects • Experience in using Typescript • Experience in collaborating with back-end developers • Experience in using Web3.js • Experience in presenting at online/offline conferencesㆍThose who are capable of HTML publishing• Those who can present solutions to project issues and plan schedules • Those who have experience carrying out SI projects • Those who are active and have excellent work drive • Those who have experience using design collaboration tools (Figma Zeplin Sketch, etc.)• Those who are capable of publishing • Those who have development experience using ViteJS • Those who have experience optimizing web performance • Those who can solve problems by keeping up with the latest technology trends • Solve given problems through various methods with a proactive attitude People who are good at it • People who have no hesitation about learning new skills and enjoy sharing them• Experience in web application development using React NextJs, etc. * Requires submission of code for review or GitHub repository address • Experience in programming using WebRTC WebSocket, etc.• Those with a strong interest in development and organizational culture • Those with experience building responsive/hybrid web apps • Those with experience using Typescript • Those with strong interest in UI/UX • Basic knowledge of React and Redux Those who hold [Documents to be submitted] Required: Resume and career description Expected annual salary (please enter the amount!) Optional: Portfolio (specify contribution)• Experience in implementing generic-based code • Experience in development based on Material design paradigm Skeuomorphic Paradigm • Experience in performance optimization (Score test using Chrome Lighthouse, etc.) • Experience in hacking/security (XSS CSRF File Sanitizer) • Those who are interested in the latest technology and enjoy sharing • WCAG compliance experience • Web performance optimization experience (FCP CLS LCP optimization experience, etc.) • A11y Testing design and implementation experience [Application Guide] • Application documents: Resume (required) Portfolio (optional) ) • Recruitment procedure: document screening ＞ job interview ＞ final result information• Experienced part leader/team leader • More than 5 years of FrontEnd development experience • Experienced in B2B product development • Person with a good understanding of the system• Those with new service launch and maintenance/repair or equivalent experience • Those with experience in AB testing and deployment automation, etc. • Those familiar with systematic code management such as refactoring and version control (Git)• Those with experience in UI library modularization or Webpack modularization • Those with experience in data visualization libraries such as Chart.js • Those who meticulously organize documents and manage issue tickets • Those skilled in code modularization and design patterns • The latest in front-end related knowledge A person who studies technology and methodology and has a strong will to implement it• Those skilled in using Jira Git • Those with experience in projects related to JAVA (SpringBoot) • Those with experience setting up Webpack Babel, etc. and applying it to projects • Those with experience measuring and optimizing website performance • HTML5-based Canvas Video, etc. • Those with experience using MUI components • Those with ongoing interest in and learning ability in other development-related technology trends• Those with experience in development and operation using AWS • Those with experience in build/test/deployment automation • Those with experience in developing systems based on Microservices architecture • Those with experience in developing and operating Open API-based server systems • JPA Hibernate Those with experience using ORM and domain modeling, etc. • Those with full-stack development experience- Those with a strong interest and understanding of RESTful API - Those with understanding and experience in Back-end DevOps, etc. - Those with an interest in and understanding of various web FE frameworks such as Vue.js Angular - Those with web accessibility and web standards Those with an understanding of cross-browsing - Those with an open learning attitude toward various languages/execution environments - Those with a passion to grow with Parking Cloud• Those with more than 5 years of experience in large-scale system design and development • Those with experience contributing to open source projects • Those with excellent communication skills (verbal or written) • Those with experience leading a team successfully [Common] • Those with work experience in the educational domain • Those who understand and adhere to the value of software design principles • Those who understand and put into practice the value of Test Driven Development • Those who understand the value of Domain Driven Design and can incorporate it into their results• Those with organizational lead experience • Those with intuitive and practical API design abilities • Those with understanding and experience writing test code • Those who constantly think about better usability and incorporate it into services • Material UI Semantic UI Ant Anyone with experience using UI frameworks such as Design Technologies used by Markvision • React Typescript React-query Lerna • Material UI Figma Swagger Jira • Bitbucket pipelines AWS• Those with experience in Frontend Framework / Mybatis integration • Those with experience in RESTful API or JSON programming • Those with a major in a software/computer science-related department • Those with experience in creating responsive web pages• Advertising solution experience • B2B solution console development experience • Library development experience • SPA single page application / PWA / Server side rendering utilization skills• Those with experience optimizing web application performance • Those with an understanding of web standards, web accessibility, and responsive web • Those with experience understanding and utilizing Superset languages ​​such as TypeScript SCSS • Those with experience with and understanding of build bundling automation • Those with an understanding and interest in data visualization • Those with experience building and operating projects in a microservice environment • Those with experience in back-end development such as server-side and database • Those with experience building and operating edtech and university systems (Reference - Main development environments and services used) • Javascript (es6+) • Vue Vuetify Webpack ESLint • D3 Json Schema Websocket Electron PWA Puppeteer • SCSS (BEM) • Java (Spring Boot) Kotlin Node • GCP Vmware Private Cloud Docker • Gitlab Gitlab CI/CD • Slack Figma G Suite (Google Workspace) Swagger • GA GTM Tableau • IntelliJ, etc. All Jetbrain Software• Those with a degree in computer engineering • Those with experience with NoSql databases such as MongoDB, ElasticSearch, DynamoDB, etc. • Those with experience developing APIs with Python Node.js • Those with experience visualizing complex data (use of D3 WebGL, etc.) Experienced person Plus)o Those with a quick understanding of services o Those who are skilled in communication and collaboration and actively express opinions o Those with experience from service design to service opening o Those with understanding of AWS or cloud infrastructure o Problem solving and quality improvement o Those who are interested in new technologies and strive for self-development o Those who understand and implement business requirements well o Those who aim to write high-quality, reusable code o Those who can actively share and put into practice ideas A person with the ability• Those who are capable of analyzing JavaScript static types using TypeScript Flow • Those who have experience participating in/leading healthcare-related online service development projects • Those with experience developing hybrid mobile apps • Those who are interested in mobile/online services and healthcare trends • Large users Those with service experience • Those with experience creating components or libraries by generalizing requirements • Those with experience in testing/build/deployment through CI/CD • Those with experience optimizing web performancePreferential treatment is not required, but if you have experience with the requirements below, we will be a good fit. We also welcome those who wish to strengthen the requirements below. - Those who have a high level of understanding of the business and can implement the relevant goals - Those who have SaaS project experience - Those who have more than 5 years of product development experience or equivalent skills - Those who can solve problems rather than implement to achieve goals - A person who can collaborate and communicate with designer PM without difficulty - A person with experience in the entire cycle from product A to Z - A person with leadership - A person with experience playing a large role in a small startup - A person with an understanding of performance optimization Those with technical skills - Those who are capable of TDD/BDD-based development - Those who are skilled in handling GUI interaction animation3. It is better if you are someone like this (not required) - Those who are skilled in vue.js javascript typescript development - Those who have experience developing responsive web - Those who have a basic understanding of HTML/CSS and API - User feedback - Those with experience in successfully improving products based on - Those with experience in improving functions through data-related tools such as GA Hotjar or A/B testing - Those with experience in developing products that operate globally - Growing People with work experience in startups - Experience in leading and developing projects[We prefer people like this!] • Nuxt development experience • Node.js development experience • PHP development experience • Proficient in using distributed version control systems such as Git • Someone who is interested in new technologies and strives for growth• Those with experience handling large amounts of traffic • Those with experience developing apps using React Native • Those with development experience using AWS • Those skilled in web standards and web accessibility • Web service performance optimization and UI/ A person who constantly thinks and researches about UX•Development experience in the Vercel environment •Experience in product implementation aiming for minimal dependency, such as feature flag modularization •Experience in operating the actual service backend •Experience working at a startup• Major: Electrical/Electronic Engineering or similar major • Ability to use English to read and understand English technical materials• Typescript development possible • Git available • CI/CD work experience • React.js or Vue.js available• Experience in NCP AWS Git & Github HTTP RESTful API client development • Experience in Typescript development and operation • Experience in unit test integration test automation and deployment automation • Experience in measuring and optimizing website performance • Experience in back-end service development and database • Experience with data visualization-related modules (charts, etc.)• Web accessibility Those with experience in UI development considering web standards • Those who enjoy reviewing requirements, design code, etc. in the collaborative process • Those with experience in automation of development processes such as test distribution • Front-end performance optimization or libraryization People who have contributed to improving productivity through • People who first propose customer requirements and improved customer experience • People who enjoy sharing• Those who have experience developing baas services using Firebase, etc. • Those who have experience developing web view-oriented applications using Flutter • Those who have experience analyzing service data at the operational stage using Google Analytics- Major in computer engineering-related department - Full stack developer - Experience using cloud environments such as AWS Azure N Cloud - Experience managing Linux-based systems - Experience using RDBMS/Redis - Experience developing open source projects - Understanding and experience in build/test/deployment automation - Active person taking on challenges in new fields• Experience developing commercial services • Experience in backend/publishing/app developmentIt is better if you have this experience. - Experience conducting and maintaining projects in a monorepo structure - Experience developing high-traffic web services or in-app browsers - Experience writing tests and automating test automation and deployment - Experience measuring and optimizing website performance• Lunch provided• Those who have experience leading a development team of 4 or more people • Those who have experience in the process from the initial product project construction stage to deployment and operation • Those who have experience in configuring and operating a Monorepo Micro Frontend • Those who have experience developing UI libraries or modules with Vanilla JS • Those who are comfortable with various environments, including legacy • Those who are familiar with writing test code• Engineering major • Understanding of client/server • High understanding of UX/UI concepts and latest web trend technologies • Restful API-related development experienceㆍ Those who can use Bootstrap ㆍ Those with basic programming knowledge ㆍ Experience in creating personal portfolios ㆍ Design or related departments ㆍ Those with a high understanding of front-end and back-end communication methods ㆍ Portfolio submission required• Those with experience as a front-end or overall development team leader • Those with more than 3 years of React Native-based development experience or equivalent capabilities • Those with an interest in cross-platform development • An open learning attitude toward various languages/execution environments Person with • Experience deploying using Firebase • Experience developing Push Notification such as FCM OneSignal • Person who can get along regardless of job group and has active communication skills and quick execution skills • Interested in new technologies related to work Those who learn continuously and autonomously- Experience developing virtual asset trading and stock trading fronts. - Those with experience or understanding of blockchain business and ecosystem - Those with experience launching apps with React Native - Those with experience operating and managing a development organization - Willingness to constantly study and develop new technologies Anyone who is there• If you have Typescript experience, even better. • It is even better if you are skilled in using a module bundler. • Experience with server-side rendering (SSR) development is even better. • It would be better if you have experience developing and operating financial/fintech and commerce services.• Those with more than 2 years of team management experience • Those with experience developing user interfaces considering responsive design • Those with an interest in a high-quality code review culture • Knowledge or experience of semantic web, web accessibility, web standards, and cross-browsing • Those who are active in technical writing such as development documents, technical manuals, API guides, etc. • Those who have experience developing design systems • Those who have experience writing front-end test (Unit E2E) codePreferential treatment Those who have experience using affiliated information technology WINGS (for experienced workers) Those with smooth communication and work experience in the same field (for experienced workers)