description• Development of a new Lotte Healthcare platform that provides personalized health management services • Development of back-end services for e-commerce functions, such as settlement of orders for member products • Development of system linkage and services for customized health management, such as genetic analysis information and health information • Stability even in large traffic volumes System design and development for services• Mobile/web service server development and operation • Issue tracking and continuous performance improvement through monitoring * Appropriate team/task assignment after confirming individual experience and capabilities• Backend design/development/operation for standby lab web applications and automation systems • Research/development to maintain reliable systems • Collaboration using Git Slack Notion【Payta Lab Product Team】 The product team is a team that creates customer-oriented products by connecting pass order users and store owners. For product growth, we absorb and implement numerous ideas and projects that each team wants to realize through organic communication. To this end, we avoid unnecessary and complicated work processes and have an efficient work culture centered on execution. With the mindset of “the final gateway to development,” we are a team that learns and implements any and all means to develop products that are stable and can bring about innovation. There are people who enjoy the process of realizing a product, such as engineers, product owners, product designers, and DevOps, and more than that, there are people who agree that business impact is the most important. 【If you come here, you will be doing this kind of work!】 • We will develop functions and optimize performance necessary to grow with the Pass Order service. • Configure microservices and add functions based on cloud containers. • Improve the architecture and code of existing systems and create scalable systems. • Analyze the needs of actual users and design and implement services to solve them. 【Development environment】 • Language used: Python Java Kotlin • Development environment and tools: inteliJ Flask Spring Git Jenkins Docker AWS Kubernetes PostgreSQL• Development and maintenance of Kotlin Spring-based Restful API backend server related to our company’s services • Development planning related to our company’s services• Java (Spring boot) server maintenance and development • Spring boot MySQL Redis is mainly used and AWS is used. • Improved usability of KiT Album operation service • Continuous code quality management and design improvement for stable system operation• Development and operation of payment platform backend for Weverse Company services • Processing of high-volume traffic based on global services • Processing of high-volume traffic with spikes • Development and operation of payment-related service backend• Development of Olive Young online mall’s exhibition and search area service • Carrying out new projects in the exhibition and search area • Improvement and expansion of legacy systems through application of new architecture • Establishment and verification of hypotheses to solve problems• Beauty platform service improvement/development • Beauty platform backend architecture improvement • New service category development[This is how Finda back-end developers work!] • Finda works as a purpose-built organization where colleagues in various positions, including Software Engineer, Product Owner, and Product Designer, collaborate with one goal: ‘good products.’ • Finda’s back-end developers work proactively within a PT (Product Team) with expertise and affection for the product. • We work in a 2-6 week sprint cycle and consider the compromise between product speed and quality to achieve the best results. • To achieve company-wide OKRs, you can synchronize the why and how with your colleagues while also focusing on your own work with ownership. [Main business] Finda dreams of providing banking services to 10 million people. We want to provide banking services in partnership with various financial institutions so that our customers can use the best conditions and products based on My Data! • Design, develop, and upgrade servers for Finda financial product services. • Develop and operate my data infrastructure to provide customized financial products to users. • Develop and operate an API to link with external financial companies that are affiliated with Finda. • Consider and implement measures to ensure scalability and stability of the currently operating Finda service. *If you join Finda PG (Product Group) as a developer, we match you with a team among the Financial Products PG, Cash Growth PG, and My Biz PG that can best utilize your resume and experience. Find out if you are a good fit with Finda through the interview!• Development and maintenance of Kotlin Spring-based Restful API backend server related to our company’s services • Development planning related to our company’s services**There are three main areas of food, clothing, and shelter Company's development products** 1. Laundrygo app & backend system for Laundrygo service users • We develop Laundrygo apps. Through the Laundrygo app, you can entrust your laundry and see it delivered after washing. • Develop and advance Laundrygo vouchers and payments. • The Laundrygo app has a product store. Develop the ability to display and purchase products. (Commerce) • Develop a back-office system for Laundry service managers. It manages content within the app and provides user promotion management and product management functions. 2. Laundry automation through smart factory system • Laundrygo is developing the world’s largest factory system. • You can experience the logistics system. We develop an automated system used in the entire process, including laundry collection and transportation, laundry receipt processing and inspection process, laundry delivery processing process, and laundry delivery and transportation. • The smart factory has more than 1000 Raspberry Pis and collects and processes data through IoT. • Use AI technology to make smart factories smarter. Smart factories aim for the highest level of automation. • We collect various data from users. Data is generated not only by users but also within the smart factory. Based on this data, the smart factory continuously improves automation efficiency. • Lundrygo is focused on DataPlay. 3. Development of Wellness & Eco-Friendly Lifestyle Commerce Service • <Wellness & Eco-Friendly Lifestyle Commerce>, a new business of Clothing, Clothing and Housing Company, focuses on individual health and happiness while maintaining balance with the environment and pursuing a sustainable lifestyle. This is a commerce platform for • We pursue sustainable production and distribution of products by considering environmental impacts not only when selling products, but also during production and delivery. • Through this, consumers can achieve personal happiness, practice sustainable consumption, and participate in efforts for a better future.Development of tabling backend service • API for linking third-party functions • API for general user service • Service API for business owners • Service API for internal operations• Pet health notebook server/API development and maintenance • Pet health notebook main functions 1) Mobile app ㆍMembership registration and login ㆍHealth record management linked to animal hospital ㆍCommunity photo sharing 2) Administrator web ) ㆍMember management ㆍBulletin board management ㆍContent management ㆍService-related statistics• Development and maintenance of Tick Crocodile Company's server (Tick Crocodile Tick Island) • Design and development of database tables optimized for business requests • Development and maintenance of Rest API server • Creation of project and work-related technical documents • Construction and operation of AWS server environment Management • Create queries optimized for query performance• Development of API for Zoom Zoom Tour Zoom Zoom Partner web/app service • Development of admin API to support service operation • Integration of external service API such as authentication product payment • Development of asynchronous services such as order notification • Operation of websocket-based chat service • DB table design and write build SQLThe Boosters Tech team is responsible for developing an in-house BI system that allows Boosters to manage the increasing complexity as it acquires brands and make quick decisions and moves, as well as managing numerous data generated in e-commerce. The Junior Backend Developer position on the Tech team will perform the following duties: - In-house data dashboard back-end development - Third-party system data collection module development - API integration development - Database management and data consistency management• Backend platform design and development • Service performance improvement and refactoring[This is the work you will experience when you come to Jaritalk] • Development of Jaritalk Server API • Design and improvement of back-end architecture • Review and operation of various server-side technologies [This is the technology stack used by Jaritalk Back-end team] • Java 11 • Spring Boot • Maven • JPA (Spring Data JPA QueryDSL) • AWS (EBS API Gateway Lambda S3 SQS EC2 RDS) • MySQL • Quartz • Spring Batch • Spring Security • Jenkins • Sentry• Data-intensive microservice development • RDB NoSQL-based schema design and implementation • REST API design and implementation• Development and operation of paid membership and benefit service backend • Development and operation of subscription service backend for digital products • High-volume traffic processing based on global services • High-volume traffic processing with spikes• Server development for more than 2 years • Fintech service operation and development • Payment teacher and attendance teacher operation and development • New service development[This is what you will do if you join Marketboro as an integrated platform developer (Java)] • Develop food ingredients platform backend • Develop integrated backend logic such as message storage• Remodeling service app backend development • Integrated member backend development • App API backend/hybrid app web view-based web development • Integrated site - Store new service development • Integrated site - Home Idea new service development • Integrated site - Other web service operation/maintenance Development • Home planner and space design service backend development and operation • ERP system development and in-house business system development • New service design/development/operation- Back-end system development and operation - Improvement of design and code quality for stable service operation● New mall renewal project (scheduled to launch in December 2023) ° Chris Mall backend server relocation is being prepared. (SpringBoot FastAPI) ° Back office linked to headquarters ERP system and external services [Main technology stack] - Python - FastAPI GraphQL RestApi SQLAlchemy (ORM) - AWS RDS (MySQL / Aurora MySQL) - Redis (Elastic Cache) ● Legacy project operation ° The legacy project will only respond to urgent operational tasks, such as adding features, and will be gradually transferred to the new mall. [Main technology stack] - Java - SpringBoot Thymeleaf jQuery MyBatis - AWS RDS (Oracle) - Redis (Elastic Cache) ● Others ° GitHub version management ° Jenkins CI/CD using AWS Code Deploy/Pipeline ° JetBrain IDE ( IntelliJ PyCharm WebStrom DataGrip) ° Weekly Sprint development and goal setting using Jira ° Collaboration through Slack Confluence [Selection process] Document coding test Online assignment (can be omitted) 1st interview 2nd interview (can be omitted) Treatment discussion and confirmation Joining ● Coding Testing ° is conducted live with actual development team members. ° This is a test to test actual problem-solving skills and does not require difficult algorithmic problems or prior knowledge. ● Online assignment ° May be omitted depending on the coding test results or circumstances. ● 1st interview ° Conducted with back-end team members who will be developing together, we ask development questions and check each other’s culture fit. ● 2nd interview ° This is an executive interview and may be omitted depending on the situation.- Development of backend service business logic for virtual asset exchange and blockchain-based financial services - Development of API service• Work on improving the platform by collaborating with PO QA members on the Lotte ON backend process • Work on analyzing various requirements and resolving problems to improve system operation efficiency and usability [Product] - Development of seller system for easy product operation by sellers - Open API development - Product detailed description and review system development [Promotion] - Promotion event development and operation - Open API development [Order/Claim] - Order system development and operation - Payment system development and operation - Claim system development and operation - Customer Development and operation of center work system [Delivery/Settlement] - Delivery smart pick system design, operation and maintenance - System maintenance and performance improvement related to settlement work [Seller] - Lotte ON Seller Office Back Office common module and API development /Operation - Lotte ON seller opening/contract service development/operation- Investment platform design/development/operation - Technical document creation - Backend server distribution and operation - Investment platform domain analysis• Development of API for Web Application Server such as service products • Development of internal business system linkage and external affiliate organization linkage • Implementation and refactoring of the customer service server area among the operating systemsThis is the job you will be responsible for after joining Kidari Studio. - Handles high volume traffic. - Develop a business model based on various ways of consuming and purchasing content. - Developed with spring-based Kotlin Java.1) Job Overview - We design, develop and operate a data platform that analyzes and processes sports data. - Build a system that processes data in real time. - Build a data pipeline using various open sources and AWS. - Develop backend services that provide data utilization. 2) Detailed tasks - Development of an API service that provides sports data to users - Design and development of a batch system that processes data so that it can be analyzed and utilized - Stabilization and improvement of the back-end system - Development and maintenance of the back office (Admin system) - AWS Infra Maintenance 3) Recruitment procedure - The selection process is conducted in the following order: document evaluation, coding test, team leader interview, and representative interview.＜ This is the job that QUAT's Backend Engineer is responsible for ＞ • As a product backend engineer, I belong to a squad and collaborate with colleagues with the same goal. • Consider and present technical solutions considering the business impact of QUAT products. • Verify various hypotheses through rapid experiment cycles to solve data-driven defined problems. • To ensure the scalability of QUAT products, we continuously maintain existing code and improve the product. (Squad and team deployment can vary flexibly depending on the product and company situation.) ＜ Technologies used by Enrise ＞ • Kotlin Spring Boot • Python FastAPI SQLAlchemy • PostgreSQL MySQL Redis ElasticSearch RabbitMQ • AWS Managed Services Kubernetes (EKS) + Istio • ArgoCD Helm DataDog Sentry Kibana Prometheus1. Service maintenance developed by our own service maintenance company • PHP (Modern CI): Mainly used only for implementing web pages • HTML CSS JS • Python • Java • Node.js • Powershell • Docker Docker swarm • Elasticsearch • Mariadb • redis • REST API 2. New service development Develop new services by analyzing and researching new services • PHP: Web part only • Python • go • REST API • Elasticsearch • docker • Hyper-v ※ Important ※ Naver and YouTube If you search for 'ITG' on , you can see everything from a day in the life of a corporate research center to a candid 3-second interview with the head of the Corporate Culture Research Institute.• Recruitment areas: 1. Front-end developer: 4+ years of experience preferred - React.js Vue.js - MongoDB/MySQL - At least 2 service or project publishing experiences (regardless of personal/commercial) - GCP Those with a good understanding of the cloud - Ability to use Git 2. Back-end developer: 3+ years of experience preferred - Node.js - MySQL - AWS/GCP - At least 3 years of experience[Main tasks] 1. Maintenance of existing developed websites 2. Design and management of back-end system architecture 3. Development and operation of back-end applications 4. Improvement of back-end application performance measurement and monitoring [Technology stack/tools] Back-end applications are generally Java 17+ It's language-based. [Selection Procedure] 1. Document review 2. Job interview 3. Management interviewResponsible for back-end development of new projects that build WAUG's next-generation business model. • Technology stack: spring java MSA jpa Mybatis • Development of company store product management and settlement system • Recruitment procedure document review - 1st technical interview - 2nd executive interview - Treatment consultation• In charge of domains such as products ordered by commerce platform members • Developing and operating business logic such as product display, order payment, PG linkage, claim statistics, settlement, promotion delivery, etc. • Performance improvement for processing large amounts of traffic[This is the work you will experience when you join the company.] • Develop Samjeomsam’s Server API. • Develop data modeling and back-office systems capable of processing results from large numbers of customers. • Develop a system that handles large amounts of traffic quickly and reliably. • Collaborate with front engineers, data analysts, tax planners, and designers to improve service usability. • Find and improve areas of optimization through regular monitoring. [This is the technology stack used by the Samjjeomsam Back-end team.] Java Spring Boot Spring Framework JPA Querydsl Redis MySQL AWS JUnit Docker Jenkins Git Github• Back-end development work to build transportation platform services • API development work for core algorithm interface# You can experience this. ## Development and operation of apps/web services for Urban Stay guests - Accommodation reservations and payments - Convenience functions for guests ## Development and operation of PMS (Property Management System) - Branch room product inventory management - Reservation customer management - Door locks, etc. IoT system control - Integration with various CMS systems such as Airbnb Yanolja - Various statistical and indicator dashboards ## Web service development and operation for Urban Stay owners - Owner reservations - Convenience functions for owners - Owner settlement and indicator dashboard- Real Estate Planet web/app application development - In-house/external service system design development and maintenance - Document screening → 1st interview → 2nd interview → Final pass - This posting is open on a rolling basis and may close early when recruitment is completed - Everyone Your valuable applications will be reviewed on a regular basis, and only those who pass the document screening will be notified individually. - Video interviews, additional interviews, reference checks, etc. may be conducted depending on experience in the field of application and other circumstances. - If false information is discovered in the application documents, employment may be canceled even after the employment has been confirmed. - For inquiries regarding recruitment, please send to recruit@ytp.co.kr.• Job: Travel platform and service development • Recruitment selection process: Document screening -＞ Interview screening (preliminary personality test conducted) -＞ Final acceptance *Interview screening may proceed to the 1st or 2nd round for each position.• Role: - Backend implementation - Collaboration with frontend colleagues• Develop and improve product journeys to deliver the best financial experience. • We develop and service with Microservice architecture for independent and lean development between domains (e.g. loan investment). • We work together to develop functions directly related to sales and core functions that build the foundation of finance. • It is responsible for designing and automating processes so that the entire flow of services can be accomplished quickly and without humans. • We create the standard for financial architecture by utilizing various services in a 100% AWS cloud environment. • Responsible for building, testing, and distributing product features that require strict accuracy and scalability.• Development and operation of AWS environment • Development of new service API • Development and operation of walk-on app server • Identifying bug causes and resolving issues• Establishment and operation of domestic and international customer websites • Development of digital services- Web-based SaaS backend development (Node.js Typescript express AWS Lambda) - Backend function development - Backend performance improvement• Certicos new web/app service backend development • Cosmetics certification B2B service advanced development and operation • Manufacturer/raw material company B2B service advanced development and operation• Admin back-end and front-end development and operation • New and existing function maintenance • Internal and external API (logistics product ordering) integration and maintenance as needed • Development of new functions in global versions and conversion of existing functions • Integration and documentation of existing code refactoring [Basic server and data management] • Linux-based systems such as AWS AMI CentOS • MariaDB MongoDB Redis ElasticSearch [BALAAN HUB screen and logic development] • SPA development using bootstrap-vue + Vue.js template • Backend using Node.js express Development [BALAAN HUB and partner API logic development] • API development and documentation using Node.js express + apidoc [Queue image processor, log processor, monitoring system extension management] • Node.js BeeQueue RedisQueue • Image composed of sharp imagemagick + lambda Processor • Collect log data with elasticsearch through logstash's own log processing tool [Technology Stack] • Balan Mall - Front: plain css&jquery ejs - Backend: Node.js 14 MongoDB Redis MariaDB AWS S3 • Back office: Node.js 14 Vue.js Bootstrap-Vue Nuxt.js MongoDB Redis MariaDB AWS S3 • Search engine: Elasticsearch • Analysis: Google Analytics • Code management: Github BitBucket • IDE: WebStorm PHPStorm Intellij IDEA PyCharm • Tools: NoSQL Booster Heidisql Xshell WinMerge Medis Postman • Communication: Slack Notion Confluence Jira Service Desk • Monitoring: CloudWatch Opsnow self-monitoring tool• Development and advancement of Plug Link service API • Development and advancement of charger management tool (CSMS) API • Construction and development of data/log collection and management infrastructureWork assignment - Lookco develops and operates one B2C mobile app platform (Acloset) and one B2B solution (Lookco AI). - We decide which product to develop based on each engineer’s preferences, team situation, and past experience. - Team transfer is open at any time. Main tasks - Development, operation and improvement of Golang-based backend system of Acloset mobile platform or Lookco AI B2B solution system - Construction of RESTful API through requirements analysis and testing - Application optimization for maximum speed and performance in products and services - Security and data protection implementation• Develop a real-time news-based service • Design and implement an RDB NoSQL-based schema • Design and implement a REST API • Refactor legacy projectso Develop back-end web applications using Java o Design and manage databases o Optimize performance and enhance security o Build hybrid apps and other web applications o Build a runnable content market (web) o Upgrade the existing runable service system o Fix and maintain bugselecvery's Backend Engineer develops an API server for elecvery services and builds a stable backend system for business expansion. The elecvery service applies various components such as Elasticsearch Redis Kafka on Docker/Kubernetes container-based AWS infrastructure and forms a microservice architecture for processing large amounts of real-time data related to electric vehicles and charging. (1) JAVA/Koltin Springboot-based API server development - Develop and advance various business features for EV Mobility, such as providing information on charging stations linked to electric vehicles and charging and delivery. (2) Development of a real-time messaging processing system - Develop streaming data processing applications and systems based on Kafka and Spark/Coroutine/RxJava. Build reliable data processing pipelines for internal services and external data.• Develop and maintain APIs required to operate TEUIDA application services. • Analyze and design data based on business logic. • Develop back office required for service operation.- Kotlin/Spring backend developer (Kotlin/Spring) • Oversight of backend API design and development • Establishment of CI/CD pipeline and AWS infrastructure • Product analysis and improvement planning after product launch • Diagnosis and definition of problems to promote the project Presenting alternatives [Technology stack] • Backend - Kotlin - Spring Framework (Spring Boot) / Spring Security / JPA - AWS EC2 / Cognito / RDS (MySQL) - (Legacy) JavaScript / Firebase • Mobile frontend - Dart / Kotlin / Swift / Rust - Flutter / BLoC / RxDart - (Legacy) GetX- Development of business logic to load, process and express various 1st party data as a customer data platform (CDP) - Development of architecture/infrastructure design and logic to handle large-scale traffic - Development of API server and logic to respond to various scenarios - Technology stack : Various services based on AWS (ECS EKS S3 Athena Lambda, etc.) : Kotlin JAVA C# etc - Collaboration environment: General purpose (JetBrains License provided) IDE (irrelevant) Notion Slack github• Conversational AI - Develop all internal/external services that are linked to analysis platform users. • Develop services based on Java/Kotlin/Spring/JPA. • Collaborate with planners, designers, and front-end developers • Improve and optimize product usability. • Responsible for API design and implementation across backend services.- Development of authentication server in a global environment - Development of billing server in a global environment - Development of various back-end servers for in-game promotions - Development of back-end servers for game crash analysis - Development of back-end servers for game test automation - CI/CD-based system build• Back-end system development and service operation of a global cryptocurrency trading platform• Develop backend/data engineers for ‘Webtoon Metrics’ and new services. • Develop modeling of new services using time series analysis.• Enhancement of Typecast backend service • Development of Typecast back office (Data pipeline Admin Dashboard)• New/existing API modification/development using AOAI (ChatGPT) API • RESTful API development • CI/CD using Azure DevOps • Prompt Engineering【Working in a team like this】 Codeit believes that continuous value creation and growth are possible only when the development of essential products is supported. Based on this belief, Codeit, and especially the product team, set the number of learners who take 10 or more lessons per week (Weekly Learning Users) as the key indicator we should aim for. Increasing inflow, improving the funnel from inflow to subscription conversion, enabling subscribed users to participate in weekly learning, improving the learning experience for students and the production environment for content creators all contribute to this key indicator. . At the same time, in order to achieve product growth, Codeit created five units (teams with people from different roles gathered around a specific project). And we are leading the growth of Weekly Learning Users every week. We are confident that by joining us, not only will our students grow, but you will also grow quickly. We look forward to creating this great product together with you. 【 This is what we do 】 1. Development and operation of Code It main service We develop and operate the API of Code It main service that provides internally created content to users. The main service uses Spring Webflux Kotlin and the DB uses MongoDB. It communicates with the frontend using GraphQL. We are continuously improving all aspects of Code It products, including user registration, payment, lecture attendance, and community, to make them better. 2. Executor development and operation Codeit provides an executor service that allows users to enter code in the browser and check the results without a separate execution environment. In addition to various languages ​​and execution environments such as Python, JavaScript, Java, and MySQL, it also supports using the terminal in a browser. We improve the executor to operate quickly, accurately and efficiently at the same time. 3. Infrastructure Management CodeIt main service and executor are served by EKS, AWS-managed Kubernetes. We consider and improve ways to use infrastructure efficiently to suit user usage patterns. 4. Data Analysis Codeit determines the direction of product improvement through user data analysis. Amplitude Google Analytics uses internal DB to collect, process, and share data internally. 5. Boot Camp Project Development After joining the company, you will be responsible for projects to be carried out during the Code It Boot Camp “Sprint” process for 3 to 6 months. After the project is completed, I will continue working as a full-time backend engineer for the product team. 【 Use these technology stacks 】 • Java/Kotlin Spring Framework (webflux) • GraphQL • MongoDB • Infrastructure • Docker/Kubernetes • CircleCI • Terraform • AWS (EKS ECS ECR S3 SES…) It’s okay if it doesn’t fit your current stack. If you are a fast-learning and passionate back-end engineer, please apply! (* GitHub account submission recommended)- Development of new cross-play platform service• Node.js-based backend development and maintenance • AWS system use (EC2 DB API gateway) • Experience in building microservices• Research and development of Bubblecone learning content management system • JAVA Backend developer who will conduct research/development of learning standards-based integrated learning content management system (LCMS)• Building and operating an administrator pageDevelop new features for the charging pig service. Maintain existing functionality and improve performance of the Charging Pig service. We develop admin tools necessary for service operation.“This is how we work.” • We are developing data collection equipment that collects data using industrial protocols. • We are also developing a management server that controls the installation and operation of data collection equipment. • We structure the entire solution into MSA and develop it by dividing roles. • I am using Container Orchestration, which is an extension of Kubernetes or Docker-compose. • Git Git-flow We collaborate using JIRA Confluence and develop day by day with an Agile development culture. “Please show off what an outstanding person you are.” • It would be a good idea to briefly describe the project you have undertaken and attach it along with your role and contribution to the application form. • Describe in a little more detail the project you are most proud of and why you are so proud of it. • If you have a special ability to collaborate with others, please appeal to us. • When you work with a variety of people, sometimes you can't just have good relationships. However, I think that even not-so-good experiences can help develop one's values. We also evaluate stories of growth overcoming hurts or failures very positively. • There is no need to be humble in your introduction. If there is anything I missed in the application form, please mention it during the interview.• Gradually moving the operating backend to Supabase and Edge Functions • Building backend servers and developing and operating APIs • Improvements to search and display areas • Improvements to payment-related areasThe development of Free Willin is a collaboration of members with various roles, including planning, development, design, and QA, with the goal of providing high-level mathematics education to everyone. As we are about to take a big leap forward, we are looking for talented back-end developers to join us in our future achievements. • Math Flat service backend development • Establishment and operation of highly responsive and scalable infrastructure • Introduction of the latest structure and technology in line with changing requirements • Realization of high efficiency and customer value by collaborating closely with the Product Team• Participation in the entire product development process related to Wolbu.com service renewal and advancement (planning/launching/operation, etc.) and server operation/management • Back-end development/operation for renewal of existing LMS-based commerce and expansion of new services • Provision of Wolbu.com user/admin functions API development for • Technology stack - Spring/Kotlin AWS JPA ECS EKS • DDD clean architecture-oriented code refactoring • Test code writing and gradual test-led development• Development of a platform required for game services such as authentication payment to support Wemade publishing games - OAuth service and secondary security service using IDA accounts such as Google / Apple / Facebook, etc. - Mobile payment of Google Play Store / Apple App Store and PC payment service - push service - game inspection management and build version management service and platform construction for games• Design and develop servers for the Ellis platform. • Planning/Operation/Development gather in one team and perform work quickly in two-week sprints. • Expand and improve the system to reliably handle continuously increasing traffic and meet complex business requirements. • We actively utilize the latest technologies to ensure that services operate quickly and reliably, and we define problems based on data from actual users and solve them quickly and flexibly. • Develop and enhance a WebSocket-based code editor that enables real-time collaboration. • Develop and enhance WebRTC-based video services. • Develop and enhance Linux container-based code execution services.- Development and management of digital asset wallet deposit/withdrawal cold wallet rebalancing, mainnet-specific updates, and various APIs - Establishment and maintenance of customer data and transaction data management and anti-money laundering-related systems - Development of client and internal admin screens and functions, etc. - In the future Development when linking and expanding services other than custody - Work for financial company operations such as internal control, security/infrastructure, etc. - Various work related to other company businesses and services• Develop the commerce backend service for the Avery app used by users. • Develop the platform service Open API used by Avery sellers. • Develop back-office services used by Avery team members to operate the platform.• Develop a new web novel platform that can be loved by customers. • Design and develop scalable backend API. • Solve problems efficiently through collaboration and communication with participating members. • We create better results and grow together through free sharing of opinions.• Web development (front-end, back-end) • Selection procedure: Document screening ＞ 1st interview ＞ Personality test ＞ 2nd interview ＞ Final acceptance• Digital treatment support platform Dr. Vice backend development- Mobile application API and CMS development and maintenance - Website construction and maintenance - Database Modeling & Query Tuning - System infrastructure design and operation- JAVA-based API development - React-based application development - Function advancement - Usability improvement - Performance improvement - Automation - Log collection and analysis - Test code writing (TDD) - DB design[Once you join, you will perform these tasks together] • You will work on back-end development for services developed by Nubi Lab or used by internal developers. Nubi Lab - We work on an API that sends data in the form requested by the client. - A service that allows you to check customer eating habits information using the NubiLab scanner - A service that can increase the convenience of nutritionists' work - A web tool that can increase the work efficiency of NubiLab developers • From functional review to development and maintenance according to the service plan is in charge of.If you join O2 Plus, you can perform these tasks: • Work related to inventory delivery • Establish new services[This is the work you will do together when you join.] • Development and maintenance of system functions related to Product & Business Process • Review of user requirements and issues and search for implementation plans • Design and development of new systems for global servicesIf you join, we will do this together. • Develop and operate servers with high availability in a cost-optimized manner so that SaaS solutions can be provided without interruption. • We are actively utilizing not only on-demand services but also serverless services such as AWS Lambda. • Communicate with PO front-end engineers and develop API according to requirements specifications. • Create and manage API planning specifications. • We take the lead in improving the quality of code modularization so that development can continue to be done easily and quickly. This is the journey to join Wadlow • Recruitment process: document screening - (coffee chat or phone interview) - face-to-face interview - treatment consultation - final acceptance• Manage AIM’s customer asset data. • You will mainly work in the back-end area. • Front-end, back-end or both can be developed in the desired area. • Everyone participates together in planning. We understand the goals of the product, continue to think about users, and actively brainstorm ideas together. • We design the overall architecture of the service with the CTO senior engineer at the center. The design of each subsystem is centered around juniors along with reviews from seniors. Through this process, the design doc is completed. • In addition to service implementation, tools that assist or automate maintenance are also developed through Prioritize.• Back-end (Java17-JPA Python3-FastAPI) development • AWS infrastructure management• Development of AI digital textbook service • Development and maintenance of our own services (Todo Math, Todo English, Todo Hangul, etc.) Working Conditions ㆍWorking Type: Full-time (probationary period: 3 months) ㆍWorking Hours: Monday - Friday 10:00 AM - 7:00 PM (Flexible work available) ㆍWorking location: Office in Seongsu-dong, Seoul (working from home possible) ㆍSalary: Determined after interview Recruitment schedule ㆍDocument submission ＞ Working interview ＞ CTO interview ＞ Korean management interview ＞ Treatment consultation ＞ Final acceptance * Interviews will be conducted mainly online If there is a suitable candidate, we will conduct an interview even while the documents are being submitted.• Develop content display area service of a scalable and stable E-commerce platform • Collaborate with other engineering teams to improve architecture and perform horizontal expansion • Establish and verify hypotheses to improve performance and resolve known or potential problems in online malls• Development and maintenance of server API based on Python Django DRF • Development and maintenance of video encoding management and automation process using AWS third party • Optimization to respond to growth in service scale, such as playback recording and user data analysis • Operations and CS response Back-office system development (REST API / Django Admin) • Research on overall back-end technology and video technologyDevelopment of back-end services such as domestic insurance, household account book, pension, etc. Development of back-end services of domestic my data service Development of new services for real estate brokerage and real estate mortgage loans in the US- Development and management of digital asset wallet deposit/withdrawal cold wallet rebalancing, mainnet-specific updates, and various APIs - Establishment and maintenance of customer data and transaction data management and anti-money laundering-related systems - Development of client and internal admin screens and functions, etc. - In the future Development when linking and expanding services other than custody - Work for financial company operations such as internal control, security/infrastructure, etc. - Various work related to other company businesses and services• Development of operating server and infrastructure for video production company matching service ‘dudum.io’ • Design and implementation of back-office API • Development of new functions to improve usability • Migration and advancement of existing business logic• Conversational AI - Develop all internal/external services that are linked to analysis platform users. • Develop services based on Java/Kotlin/Spring/JPA. • Collaborate with planners, designers, and front-end developers • Improve and optimize product usability. • Responsible for API design and implementation across backend services.Backend & Frontend Development• Lever Xpert - Development and operation of Lever Expert solution (FastAPI) - Development and operation of back office and advertising operation tools (Django FastAPI) • Prism - Establishment of data pipeline and DL DW DM in AWS * Deployed team Depending on this, you will be in charge of one of the above products.＜This is the job of WIPPY's Backend Engineer＞ • As a product backend engineer, I belong to a squad and collaborate with colleagues with the same goal. • Consider and present technical solutions considering the business impact of WIPPY products. • Verify various hypotheses through rapid experiment cycles to solve data-driven defined problems. • For the scalability of the WIPPY product, we continuously maintain the existing code and improve the product. (Squad and team placement may vary flexibly depending on the product and company situation.) ＜ Enrise’s technology used ＞ • Kotlin Spring Framework • Redis DocumentDB ElasticSearch RabbitMQ DynamoDB • AWS Managed Services Kubernetes (EKS) + Istio • ArgoCD Helm DataDog Sentry Kibana Prometheus• Various service logic can be implemented using the Python Django Framework. • You are learning efficient development methods using reusable boilerplate • You can acquire general knowledge of infrastructure through CI/CD settings and implementation methods using AWS EB • Various service logic by communicating with the Front-End team We are considering and implementing • Technology stack used ▶ Python Django AWS PostgreSQL• Platform and service back-end development • Development of various back-end functions required to launch a product • Ability to solve various issues • R&D and introduction of new technologies• Development and operation of member management (subscription/authentication/authorization) system • Development of SSO service • Development of profile and application management service• Develop and continuously maintain new features of the Apply/My Page system to manage customer ordering system for more than 10 000 servings per day. • Develop and maintain an administrator page used by WeHudling internal employees. • We design and implement the necessary systems to provide technical support for the advancement of WEIT delivery and logistics systems. • In addition to this, you can directly suggest and work on challenging ideas that are connected to WEIT’s mission.We will develop the back-end side of Test Valley. • Test Valley server and API development • Test Valley Infra maintenance• Develop a NodeJs-based API server for Apartmentary’s various services. • Design and operate services considering scalability and performance.- Development of blockchain-based Web 3.0 cloud solution - Development of backend system for the company's various services, architecture and API design, SDK development, document creation, etc. - NPM module development• Dipping service back-end system design and development • API implementation and server infrastructure management• Development of an exposure advertising operation platform within Lotte ON • Development of an advertising back-end system • Development of conversion and billing/reporting functions for advertisers• Server and web development work for operation and maintenance of Fit2B service • Development of additional Fit2B functions and development of additional web-based services • DB design management upgrade, etc.• Develop services that help solve problems or performance issues that occur in customer systems more easily and quickly. • We are creating an architecture that can provide WhaTap monitoring services more reliably. • Develop core modules such as data status management charts required for monitoring services.• Backend development using Django framework • AWS cloud infrastructure management• Develop a new healthcare service back-end • Implement the design and functions of cloud-based architecture • Improve the system such as upgrading monitoring automation performance for stable service operation• Gold Popcorn (Upstore) backend development • New project backend development • Collaboration with overseas development teams[Introducing the Catch Table Team] • The Catch Table team spreads the value of a pleasant gourmet life in everyday life by creating a real-time restaurant reservation app, 'CATCH TABLE'. • The Catch Table team works with PMs and developers working as a team to define problems and find solutions together. [Main tasks] • Catchtable B2C service back-end business development • Server-to-device network program development of ServerToServer linkage with other organizations • Service data statistics and aggregation overall• IoT Application backend development • Product development and maintenance• PMS EA own solution development • Solution design development testing and maintenance• Backend design/development/operation for standby lab web applications and automation systems • Research/development to maintain reliable systems • Collaboration using Git Slack Notion[Technology stack used] #FastAPI #Elasticsearch #Kafka #Postgresql #AWS #Kubernetes #Python You can experience all backend tasks required for the service from A to Z.• New development and maintenance of NeuroFit products • Development and maintenance of cloud services • Development and maintenance of platform integration- Blockchain developer tool (Octet) - Back-end system development - Virtual asset wallet service (Ohi Wallet) - Back-end system development - Establishment of service infrastructure to handle high-volume traffic• Design/develop and operate a high-performance back-end server with a distributed structure that can stably receive real-time large-capacity traffic • Establish an environment that can quickly detect various errors or failures that occur in the actual service environment and transparently identify and correct the cause- BuildBlock service design and development using Python/Django - Back-end development of BuildBlock web services/solutions used by users - Development of back-office services used by BuildBlock team members - Design and implementation of services considering scalability, stability, and completeness• Spring backend development • Document screening -> Interview -> RecruitmentThe back-end developer, along with various experts in the team, such as PM UX designer and app/webfront developer, will lead a new residential culture on the O2O platform and will be responsible for developing a platform server that connects the living experience in episodic residential spaces online. 1) Episode App Admin App API development • eRoom asset management contract linkage API development • Biostar access management API development • Site facility reservation API development (cleaning, Gangnam Works health, etc.) • IoT linkage API development • Bulletin board API such as notice VoC community Development • Development of external linkage service (Parking external affiliate service) 2) Development of new living content API • Development of new living content API to be planned by the planning team 3) Development of common service modules • Development of core functions such as member information system Epipoint payment scheduler • Text sending Kakao Notification Talk delivery, payment system, marketing system (Braze) integration, etc. System interconnection development 4) Development and operation server development • Development environment management Operation system APM Log monitoring Queueing redundancy, etc. Development infrastructure setting and operation • Development documentation for App Web developers• Develop a back-end system that can handle large amounts of traffic and reliably transmit large amounts of data to Kyobo Bookstore’s internal and external systems • Implement and operate back-end microservice design based on the AWS cloud • Review and introduce new technologies for continuous improvement of back-end architecture - Development of API for Kyobo Bookstore data app based on cloud environment - Development of data supply API linked to data analysis pipeline system (data engineer collaboration) - Design and continuous improvement of back-end architecture based on cloud environment - Back-end server operation and monitoring - New technology research and reflection for back-end system operation and improvement• Node.js (NestJS ExpressJs) server construction and DB (MySql Prisma TypeORM) management • RESTful API server development • RDBMS (AWS RDS) management • Container-based MicroService Architecture Backend development • Cloud-based backend using AWS Development • Development collaboration using tools such as GitㆍDevelopment of integrated settlement solution backend API ㆍLarge-capacity data processingDesign and implementation of server functions and API for VLLO application user data collection and analysis image processing based on Hadoop/Spark Development of Cloud Server API for storing and sharing user dataㆍPayment development and approval development ㆍOverseas PG payment approval ㆍLink payment approval/cancellation process for various payment methods ㆍDevelopment of new services within the companyMusic Cow’s development team takes the lead in ‘service maintenance/repair’ work and server development to prepare for large-scale traffic to realize a Better Music Ecosystem. Our main development languages ​​are PHP / Python / Javascript, etc., but we have excellent developers working together who want to creatively solve problems without being limited by the development language. We welcome developers who are open to this challenge because it will allow them to experience and improve on different development languages ​​and technologies in the future. Music Cow's excellent developers constantly immerse themselves in and solve unresolved problems. Our developers are focusing on preparing for Music Cow's issuance of beneficiary certificates and the start of the music copyright auction scheduled for the second half of this year. In the long term, we are continuously developing ourselves to lead Korea's STO/blockchain technology. We are a team with a relatively attractive work & life balance as we operate an efficient development process relative to the size of our services. • Server development • Music Cow service maintenance/repair • Fintech / Culture Tech / STO technology research / learning[Main tasks] • Existing service operation management and new feature development backend work • Node.js (NestJS ExpressJs) server construction and DB (MongoDB) management • RESTful API server development • Cloud-based backend development and infrastructure management using AWS • Git Development collaboration using tools such as [Selection procedure] Document screening - Interview - Negotiation of conditions - Final acceptance * Documents to be submitted 1. Resume and brief self-introduction - Required contents: Basic information Motivation for application Salary and desired salary at the previous company for past projects - Be sure to include the available technology stack and github address! 2. Submit a portfolio - anything that represents yourself well is acceptable. - If you have any previous projects in which you have worked on related work, please let us know in your portfolio.- Design and develop functions to solve problems by setting development priorities according to the team's current milestones and focused KPIs - Design and create APIs that efficiently exchange data with clients using GraphQL - Create database tables using Sequelize and management - Efficiently handle frequent I/O tasks and complex queries using Redis - Monitor and respond to critical errors on the site using Sentry - Establish a data collection process to develop content and user recommendation systems - Github Action Utilize dev environment, staging environment, deploy and test in production environment - Interested in the latest development paradigms such as Nest.js GraphDB VectorDB and exchange information - Communicate with team members through Discord Notion Linear - Think about a more efficient and enjoyable development culture and inform the team proposal• LaaS model server operation through AWS • Development and management of various APIs used in user services • Design and improvement of backend architecture• Payroll platform/actual salary settlement service/commuting management HR service function development and API development • Service database management and query writing • System construction and operation to provide stable services based on AWSㆍWeb/App RestAPI development ㆍProduction management Back Office development• We are refactoring Legacy Code. • We are designing and developing a REST API database. • We are currently working on improving automatic matching between customers and gig workers (Illumi). • Furthermore, we plan to apply big data and artificial intelligence automation technology based on accumulated data. • We are developing quality services such as collaboration tools to increase customer and Illumi satisfaction.• Web service development • RDB design• Backend service development • Large data processing using big data platform• Cookat Market e-commerce (backend/frontend) developmentLiquid Nation (ZELLU Service) Backend Developer■ What position do I join? • We develop the back-end of mobile applications for [Chabot], a car life platform for drivers. ■ If you join, what kind of team will you work on? • We will be developing the back end of [Chabot], a car life platform for drivers. ■ Please explain more about Techcell. • Cell is responsible for the development of the Chabot platform and is in charge of mobile applications. Together with Chabot, we are developing an integrated mobility service for drivers. ■ This is what you do when you join Techcell. • Responsible for back-end development that can provide mobile application services and platform services based on AWS Cloud. • I am in charge of back-end development that can incorporate Chabot’s various mobility services (new car quotation system, finance, insurance, used car purchase, settlement, and payment messaging) into mobile applications.• Global overseas remittance and payment service back-end development • Collaboration in the product team with PO planners, designers, and front-end developers in an agile scrum manner• Unstructured data analysis and data modeling • Python data analysis using pandas, etc. • Building an automated Python server using aiohttp and flask • Building AI modeling and judgment and prediction algorithms for unstructured data using Clarifai, etc. • Image processing using pillow color opencv and automation and analytics[Main tasks] • Development of our service backend API • AWS management and maintenance [Selection process] • First document screening (free format resume and portfolio) • Second interview screening• Responsible for Meliz service and admin backend development• Design and develop backend parts of Yess. • Rest API • DB Modeling • 3rd-party API Integration • Realtime Collaboration • We design a compatible and flexible structure for easy integration with various tools. • Develop data modules that are leveraged throughout the entire process to automate workflows. • Develop a system that safely and reliably handles customer data and traffic. • We also develop infrastructure and internal systems necessary to improve team productivity and product growth. [How the Backend Team works] • We aim to provide new features to users every week with the fastest deployment cycle possible. • Minimize the granularity of individual task design commit code reviews to reduce dependency and increase productivity. • We develop by following the development process and continuously improve it to create a sustainable process. • We believe that TDD increases productivity. Test development is recognized as completion of feature development. • We hold weekly development team sessions to share and discuss new technologies and diverse interests. • We strive to communicate actively and clearly with other departments. • Look for clues to solving problems at the team level rather than strictly separating your own work from that of others. • We strive to create an atmosphere of positive stimulation for growth.• Convenient additional function treatment content and various DB management for patients/therapists • Development of additional (additional) function services accordingly • Development of back office system for hospital users (patient therapists) (upgradation of the initial version) • Interface with third-party services peristalsis• Service server development: Develop a service server for using Wavve apps such as programming, exhibitions, content, and products. • Membership/authentication server development: Design and develop a membership/authentication system using the Wavve app. • Product/Billing Server Development: Design and develop product/billing system for Wavve service.- Django backend development - NestJS backend development - AWS infrastructure construction- Doctor Diary platform service development - Database migration - System structure advancement - Back office development[We are in charge of these tasks] Korea’s No. 1 mobile security/management app, ‘Allyak M’, is being revamped. We think about new services to launch together and create the service we want to create. The team culture is ‘Let’s work in a fun and enjoyable way.’ - Responsible for the operation process behind the service used by ALYacM customers - Ensures that the service operates stably and without interruption - Collaborates with and develops the person in charge of newly added commerce function solutions - I developed it Create a service you want to boast about. And my colleagues support me too.We create spandit services together with developers, designers, PM QA. We create a server that processes data to process customers' settlement costs. We provide services to customers through web app Open API. Develop and maintain the APIs provided to the web app. And we develop an open API to provide services directly to customers. • Server (application & infrastructure) architecture design • Operation and advancement of Spandit’s server infrastructure (AWS)• iOS app service backend development and maintenance • Development of app enhancement functions for overseas expansion • Communication with app production outsourcers and effective migration work • Establishment and development of priorities according to current team milestones and focused KPIs • More efficient and enjoyable development Active suggestions and discussions on culture *Major tools currently in use: Frontend (Swift) Backend (Node.js) Database (MySQL) Admin web (Javascript/React.js), etc.• Proceed with back-end development • Collaborate with front-end personnel to develop our own web cross-platform app• Design and develop servers for a platform to automate brand protection against counterfeit products in the global online ecosystem. • Establish a copyright infringement protection application server within the global search engine content ecosystem. • Design, develop and operate new services for IP protection management of global companies. • Design and operate system architecture in a cloud (AWS) environment. • We develop a variety of tools that combine reliability, stability, and productivity.• Reservation management system development • Next-generation travel platform technology service integration • Airline ticket reservation service development • Airline ticket search engine development• Flexity service development [Technology keywords used] • Backend: Django PostGIS shapely AWS EC2 RDS ELB EB Elasticsearch • Planning design engine: Windows .net framework Rhino Python- Develop a platform and business logic to transmit advertisements to various channels through DSP (Demand Side Platform), a field of AdTech - Develop architecture/infrastructure design and logic to handle billions of large-scale traffic on average per day - Respond to various scenarios API server and logic development - Technology stack: Various services based on AWS (ECS EKS S3 Athena Lambda, etc.): Linux Docker nginx MySql: Python Go - Collaboration environment: General purpose (JetBrains License provided) IDE (irrelevant) Notion Slack github• Server operation and development of large-scale services with over 10 million app downloads / 1 million concurrent users • Construction and monitoring of AWS cloud system infrastructure • Development and operation of commercial service user REST API server • Development and operation of Back Office REST API server • Automation of AWS server deployment and management [Selection procedure] Document screening -> 1st interview -> Treatment consultation and final acceptance ※ There may be a coding test for each position applied. (Separate guidance will be provided when arranging the interview schedule) ※ Reference checks can be performed with consent during the selection process.All backend tasks related to the Wonderwall Fromm service • Designing new services • Improving and maintaining existing service functionality• Backend design and development operation of trading card platform service • Efficient API development • AWS-based server maintenance and improvement technology stack • Node.js (nest.js) • AWS services (ALB ECS ECR RDS Cloudwatch, etc.) • Elasticsearch • Mysql recruitment process • Document screening → Practical interview → Cultural interview → Final discussion 1. Document screening • Please upload your resume & portfolio and fill out basic personal information accurately. • The resume format is free, but please include Break & Company and your motivation for applying for the position. • Once your resume is received, we will review your application and send you a result email within 7-10 days. 2. First working interview • Interviews will be conducted with co-workers with whom you will actually collaborate after joining the company. • Interviews are conducted with a focus on the job, including capabilities and experience communication methods as practitioners. • You can ask plenty of questions about the service and the company, and understand how the position you applied for works at Break & Company. 3. 2nd cultural interview • This is a C-Level interview that focuses on whether you sympathize with Break & Company’s vision and can adapt well to the organizational culture. • You can ask any questions you have about Break & Company's organizational culture, what vision it has in mind and how it moves forward.Let me first introduce SlogUp’s development culture. At Sloggers, all members, including PM designers and developers, define and design products as a team with the mindset of ‘responding to uncertain hypotheses and risks at the beginning rather than at the end.’ Backend product engineers are responsible for the following tasks: - Understand why the products and functions being developed are being developed - Participate from the idea stage and suggest creative and efficient directions - Present ways to achieve maximum effectiveness with minimal development - Collaborate with PM product designers to focus on functionality rather than function implementation Solve problems - Build prototypes very quickly during the hypothesis verification stage - Develop proven goals into efficient and scalable designs - Continuously learn technology and flexibly apply it to products by considering business aspects - High trust Schedule estimation capability to make level commitments• Web-based system construction and operation (JAVA) • ERP (MES) program development in CS environment (C#) • System design and design for various needs • Test and distribution automation program development • Existing system (MES) maintenance • Job position Perform PM role according to• JPA modeling and backend B/L development • AI design learning inference and service application • Cloud service monitoring and automation management• Fruits C2C app backend development • Fruits service test code development • Debug of production issues occurring in various system components- User research platform (Nexon First) backend work related to domestic/overseas services - User research platform (Nexon First) related data management/extraction/analysis work - User research platform (Nexon First) operation tool development - Architecture to improve safety and efficiency reorganization work• Backend development (Java) • Backend development of our MES solution• Development of our own LMS (Learning Management System) • Development of LMS-related services• Development of scalable and productive servers provided to global AX customers • Development of servers for B2B solutions (AX Cloud AX Admin) for use by travel companies • Management and maintenance of AWS server infrastructure • Expansion to Spring after operating Django-based services＜ This is the job of WIPPY’s Backend Engineer ＞ • We continue to improve existing functions (recommendation functions, etc.) so that WIPPY customers can experience meaningful ‘encounters’. • As a squad in charge of business, we are quickly conducting various experiments in parallel, including data-based logic and large-scale functions. • By analyzing quantitative/qualitative data, we are discovering WIPPY customers’ Pain Points and Aha Moments and applying them to our services. • Rather than resting on being number one in social app sales, we continue to provide ‘services that are worth the money customers spend.’ ＜ Technologies used by Enrise ＞ • Python FastAPI Django Ninja • PostgreSQL Redis DocumentDB ElasticSearch RabbitMQ DynamoDB • AWS Managed Services Kubernetes (EKS) + Istio • ArgoCD Helm DataDog Sentry Kibana Prometheus[What are you responsible for? ] - Development and operation of Storelink back-end service - Development and operation of Pug Shop back-end service - Development and operation of DB modeling domain analysis design of new service• Development of electric vehicle charging service platform • Development of service BackEnd and BackOffice[Main tasks]: We are currently developing the commercialization of a payment service using ‘palm vein information’. We produce the HW used for payment services in collaboration with partner manufacturers, and develop a service consisting of a PWA and relay server that runs based on SW that includes the OS mounted on the HW. : Accordingly, we are looking for a developer with capabilities in back-end development (Java Python) to work with us on this task. : Because it is a job that involves solving uncommon and challenging problems, we hope that those who gain a sense of accomplishment through the difficult process and want to grow together with the company will apply, and the company also wants to share in the results of growth and achieve the same. : Please indicate your desired salary and desired stock options in the application form. If you work with us, we will not hesitate to meet your demands. : We prefer people who are interested in new simple payments and fields that utilize them and are not hesitant to learn and take on challenges even in unfamiliar fields. [Recruitment period and number of employees]: Until ASAP recruitment: Minimum of 2 people, maximum of 12 people [Application and evaluation method]: A free-form self-introduction that includes a career introduction focusing on work experience is required! When describing your experience, please only include work experience relevant to the position. !! Please indicate your desired salary and desired stock options in your application. If you work with us, we will not hesitate to meet your demands. !!! For new or experienced recruits, there is a 3-month 'first working period' (we call it the FC (Foundation Course) period), and conditions such as salary are the same during this period. : Document screening, non-face-to-face interview (coding test), and face-to-face interview (may change depending on the applicant)- Development of API for Classum web application - Configuration of serverless infrastructure based on AWS - Various optimization work and research to improve Classum service quality Journey to join Classum Step 1. Submit application - Click on the link to submit resume and basic personal information Please fill out the information and submit. - After reviewing your application, you will receive an email informing you of the results within 2 weeks. Step 2. Assignment - We conduct an assignment screening process to verify capabilities depending on the position. - Those who pass the documents are individually notified, and it takes about a week on average. Step 3. Job interview - An interview will be conducted based on the tasks completed in Step 2. - We ask questions related to experience/skills to determine job competency. - The interview will be conducted at the Classum office with the head team member of the Tech Chapter. Step 4. Interview with executives - This is an interview to check whether you are a person who sympathizes with and can adapt well to Classum's culture. - This is an interview with Classum’s C-Level and will be conducted at Classum’s office.• System/platform backend development• Healthcare business solution back-end development • Cloud-based architecture design and function implementation • Data platform server design and construction• Back-end architecture design implementation and operation • Large Language Model-based API integration and database optimization • Test code creation and log monitoring- Development of platform/administrative backend required for digital asset-based financial service business and operation - Research and development of new technologies/services related to finance/fintech【Payta Lab Product Team】 The product team is a team that creates customer-oriented products by connecting pass order users and store owners. For product growth, we absorb and implement numerous ideas and projects that each team wants to realize through organic communication. To this end, we avoid unnecessary and complicated work processes and have an efficient work culture centered on execution. With the mindset of “the final gateway to development,” we are a team that learns and implements any and all means to develop products that are stable and can bring about innovation. There are people who enjoy the process of realizing a product, such as engineers, product owners, product designers, and DevOps, and more than that, there are people who agree that business impact is the most important. 【If you come here, you will be doing this kind of work!】 • We will develop functions and optimize performance necessary to grow with the Pass Order service. • Configure microservices and add functions based on cloud containers. • Improve the architecture and code of existing systems and create scalable systems. • Analyze the needs of actual users and design and implement services to solve them. 【Development environment】 • Language used: Python Java Kotlin • Development environment and tools: inteliJ Flask Spring Git Jenkins Docker AWS Kubernetes PostgreSQL• Back-end (Node.js) development • Database (MongoDB) management • Partner API integration • Monolithic -> MSA migration • Dev server code management and distribution management • Collaboration management with other departments such as front-end development team, planning team, operation team, etc. • Back-end development requirements Organize and develop details[ We are recruiting Python back-end developers to join the Early Pay development team on this journey! ] - "Advancement and development of settlement system" to provide "settlement service" - Development of "web crawling" and "API service" to store payment data - "Development of firm banking" for deposit/withdrawal of selected settlement and card payment collection - Service “Back office development” for operations and management - raising and resolving various technical issues to solve financial problems experienced by small business owners through fintech• Development of smart city integrated control solution platform• Development of daily funding service backend platform- Development of exchange service backend business logic - Development of blockchain wallet related services• Responsible for web development using HTML CSS Javascript jQuery Python Django. • We are developing API using Django REST Framework. • Collaborate with team members to solve problems and complete projects.DevTools provides decentralized finance/gaming DApps through blockchain-based solutions. We have a vision to solve the ‘usability’ and ‘scalability’ issues that are lacking in the blockchain industry. Based on our self-developed blockchain mainnet, we aim to innovate the industry so that anyone can easily enjoy decentralized financial and gaming services. We are waiting for you to expand the new web3 ecosystem with us • Develop data processing and various service APIs. • Develop cloud-based servers and services for exchange operations. • Develop blockchain-related app/web-based backend systems. • Develop blockchain mainnet core and applications.New server development and maintenance for Sell Up service AWS server infrastructure management and maintenance- API design development for AI model serving - Web application development - Server infrastructure construction - Stack - DB: PostgreSQL MySQL MongoDB. - Language: Python JS - Infra: GCP AWS - Server-side: Node.js(Express.js Nest.js) / Flask / NginX - Framework: WebRTC - Container: Kubernetes• Back-end development of our solutions and services[What will you do?] • Design the API for the FocusPang backend. • Responsible for building and operating infrastructure. • Find and improve existing services. • Participate in the development of new service features.• Development of a server system that processes/delivers data required for broadcasting solutions and TV apps - DB development - Interface development - Management screen development - Support for writing related documents • Maintenance for systems operated by customers - Development of corrections for errorsㆍBuilding and managing our own service back-end server ㆍBuilding a back-end server based on typescript/node.js/nest.js ㆍBuilding and managing partner administrator Selection process ㆍDocument review - Interview with working-level staff/management - Discussion on treatment - Joining the company ㆍProbation period: 3 months ( no salary differential)- JAVA-based system development - Web application (backend/frontend) development - RDBMS (MySQL) - JAVA / REACT / SQL, etc. - Test-driven development using TDD methodology - Improving system performance through performance optimization• Industrial power AI optimization solution and power demand management business backend development • Energy IoT data collection monitoring, predictive control service development • Collaboration with AI team to develop energy IoT data-based services • Other new service development and existing service enhancement design • Large-capacity time series data processing and Pipeline construction, etc.• Development and advancement of smart city integrated control solution platform1. Develop new features of the Commento service. 2. Maintain existing features and improve performance of the Commento service. 3. Develop internal tools necessary for service operation. [Major tasks within 18 months] 1. Resolve issues related to system stabilization for 1 million MAU. 2. Write test code to stabilize the code and functions. 3. Completely separate back-end and front-end projects. 4. Improve system security based on KISA security checks. 5. Develop a large community for the MZ generation.• Node.js-based backend development and maintenance • AWS system use (EC2 DB API gateway) • Experience in building microservices# What about BE developers? Dayoff's BE developer is responsible for developing and operating the BE part of the Dayoff service's web program. # Technology Stack - Spring-boot Kotlin - Mysql - AWS - REST API - Github Jira Notion Slack - Android IOS Web-APP• New product development 1) Restful API development 2) Service architecture development and improvement 3) Infrastructure operation using Cloud (AWS)1. Job description: • Back-end development and operation of services such as Vrew vFlat (DevOps) 2. Job-related skills: GCP/AWS Linux MySQL Python JavaScript• Management and development of shopping mall data linkage processing • Establishment of linkage and backend system through internal/external API- NestJS server development - Typeorm + PostgreSQL query builder development• Implementation and operation of Romin's backend architecture design • Construction of a server capable of processing large-capacity RESTful APIs • Efficiency and optimization for serving deep learning-based artificial intelligence models • Construction of build/deployment automation pipeline • Failure detection through log monitoring and responseThis is the work you will do when you join • Design and develop a supply chain management asset management solution server used by a manufacturing company belonging to the Fortune 500 companies. • Utilizes trendy technologies to ensure stable service operation, listens to customers’ voices, and solves problems quickly and flexibly.• Development of our own e-commerce /020 service backend (design and development of server DB cache, etc.) • Development of e-commerce service based on JAVA SPRING framework • Development of API for app/web environment • Development of Backend API based on AVA SpringBoot• Design and implement backend server function development.• Class U product server development • Back-end design and development operation• New service development and maintenance • Selection procedure: Documents -> 1st interview -> 2nd interviewPlease lead the backend development of MiriCanvas! You will play a central role in stably operating the server and database so that customers can use MiriCanvas with peace of mind. Please help MiriCanvas provide a better experience to 10 million users. We are looking for someone who can ensure the stability and reliability of the system by regularly monitoring servers and databases to eliminate the possibility of failures in advance. In close cooperation with the PM/PO, perform various tasks such as discussing plans, organizing requirements, and estimating development man-hours, and demonstrate leadership in allocating and coordinating work among team members. As a Technical Leader, you will play a key role in designing new modules. Take the lead in improving logic and optimizing performance by carefully reviewing team members' source code. Become a leader who continues to be interested in and explore the latest back-end development trends and conducts studies with team members to share knowledge and promote growth. • Develop Java Spring-based web backend service. • Design new modules and develop core logic. • Periodically review team member code to improve logic and improve performance. • Discuss planning with PM/PO, organize requirements, and calculate development man-hours. • Assign appropriate tasks to each team member based on the calculated man-hours.• Participation in the entire product development process related to Wolbu.com service renewal and advancement (planning/launching/operation, etc.) and server operation/management • Back-end development/operation for renewal of existing LMS-based commerce and expansion of new services • Provision of Wolbu.com user/admin functions API development for • AWS server operation/management and deployment automation • Technology stack - Spring/Kotlin AWS JPA ECS EKS • DDD clean architecture-oriented code refactoring • Test code writing and gradual test-led development • Development schedule management and organization management• From a system perspective, we seek to identify and improve pain points in Able fulfillment and service operations. • Develop platform services and APIs that perform inventory management (WMS) CS ordering, etc. • Design/develop/operate a stable system that can respond to increased traffic. • Avery is preparing for another jump by entering Japan through Amood and plugging in its fulfillment service, which is expected to significantly increase order traffic and order processing difficulty. • The team's long-term mission is to expand not only to WMS but also to a platform for purchasing app services for future orders, and to develop products with ownership throughout this entire process.• REST API development • Statistics and data purification logic development• Existing app service operation management and new service development backend work • API development for app (iOS AOS) service • Communication with outsourcing companies for no-coding application production and effective migration work • Establishment of priorities according to current team milestones and focused KPIs Development • Active suggestions and discussions on a more efficient and enjoyable development culture- Operation and development of API to display impaction ai Dashboard - Operation and development of real-time data collection and processing pipeline to collect conversation data from customers - Design and development of components required to operate various other services• Classting AI learning backend development • Classting AI learning learning content management system development[Main tasks] • Definition of data required for the product and design and development of HTTP (RESTful) API based on it • Collection and visualization of data necessary for service growth • Development and maintenance of CI/CD and container-based API servers • Such as ChatGPT Function development using generative AI • NoSQL-based database design and management [Recruitment process guide] • Document review - 1st interview (video) - Mission performance - Personality test and 2nd interview - Discuss treatment and confirm hiring • Depending on the hiring situation Screening may be reduced/expanded • The results of the document review are notified to all applicants regardless of whether they pass or fail [Information on how to apply] • Documents to be submitted: ‘(Required) Resume’ and ‘(Optional) Portfolio’ • Form type: Free form (PDF file) URL can be attachedㆍService API development (PHP Node.js) ㆍAWS construction and operation ㆍDatabase design, construction and operation• Virtual asset tax service backend development • Issue tracking and performance improvement activities through system monitoring • Data collection and processing through external API linkage+ This is the job you will be responsible for in the Space Research Group • Digital Signage CMS backend development and service operation • Skills: node.js (Express) javascript TypeScript MySql json linux AWS• Development of REST API and Batch and Push linkage • Dicom image processing through AI engine linkage • Development of AI engine communication protocol interface • Cloud service linkage development and management • Cloud DevOps operation • System improvement recruitment procedures such as advancement of monitoring automation for stable service operation : Document passing - Assignment screening - 1st interview - 2nd interview - Employment confirmed• Application maintenance and development • Technology strategy planning and implementation • Web code refactoring• • Backend development (WemixPlay blockchain gaming platform)• Develop encryption/decryption for DB or API using its own encryption module for each OS (Linux/Unix Windows)ㆍWeb application backend development[What kind of work will you do?] • Perform PL work • Service back-end development and operation • Scalable back-end API design and development • Existing service maintenance/repair• Develop various services of Fount. • Design and develop a service server system suitable for the MSA environment. • Design a system that is flexible to change so that the service can continuously evolve through user feedback.• Design of backend and infrastructure structure to implement new features • Design and implementation of API for communication with SDK • Design and implementation of API for communication with media/third-party trackers • Development of big data-based data visualization extraction dashboard • Internal managers and partners Development of corporate reporting system • Monitoring and response of logic/system • Efficiency and performance tuning of AD recommendation engine • Platformization and expansion of various functions of ad tech such as SSP DSP • Improvement and refactoring for optimization of functions• JAVA SPRING-based business logic development • REST API development• Operation and development of the company's own platform - Healthcare Hackathon AI MD, etc. • Development of sites for government tasks and external services• Development and advancement of social services such as Nexon Talk (profile friend chat) and global friend system • Development and advancement of data analysis service (NEXON NOW game planning & actual probability inquiry) • Implementation of Nexon companion app (Nexon Play, etc.) in the server area • Implementation and development of RESTful API based on various platforms within Nexon○ Development of services and platforms such as Hodu School, Hodu Members, Hodu Class, etc. ○ Backend design development (API DB) ○ Communication collaboration with various people in chargeWeb back-end engineers are responsible for back-end development of B2B web services that manage and process photo/log data taken by drones and deliver them to customers. - B2B web service back-end development that manages and processes data acquired by drones - Post processing of photos/log data acquired by drones• Development and operation of related web/app service servers such as DBpia/KRpia • Issue tracking and continuous performance improvement through monitoring- Cloud infrastructure management - Rendering infrastructure maintenance - VPLATE API development and maintenance - API maintenance for large enterprise collaboration projects, etc.[Team Introduction] XYZ's Robot Automation Team is a team that designs and develops overall control systems and software, from system embedded to user front apps required for robot service operation and control. We develop automation control systems and software based on data planned by the design team to automate food tech robots and surrounding automation devices, such as barista robots and ice cream robots. [Job Introduction] XYZ's robot is responsible for back-end services covering all areas of making, delivering, and serving coffee ice cream. Customer app for use in stores, unmanned kiosk robots, various device controls, and even an office system that monitors sales and status. Make our robots and customers dance with just one line of code. [Technology Stack] Nest.js Typescript MySQL Redis AWS [Responsibilities] - Development of automation system for unmanned stores - Development of robot cafe ordering APP API for iOS/Android - Development of statistics/dashboard using API usage logs - Backoffice system Server- side development - Establishment of robot control cloud service at all branches - Development and operation of company service monitoring system - AWS management and operation- MAU 10 million We stably develop and support our ever-growing global services. - Actively participate in product development and improvement based on understanding of business impact. - Design and develop APIs that support various platforms (mobile / web / app / browser extension). - Design and develop infrastructure and systems related to retrieval augmented generation. - Design, create, and manage data that supports AI technology within Liner Products.1. Main tasks - Develop and operate the business logic of NFTBank Desktop & Mobile products that provide NFT portfolio management and investment opportunity exploration. - We develop and operate an API service that provides NFT prediction prices and various NFT data to customers. - We design and operate a back-end infrastructure that can quickly and reliably serve large amounts of real-time & batch data. - We design a robust and scalable system to reliably provide customers with information based on large-scale data. 2. Challenge - Build a backend infrastructure environment that can accommodate more than 1 billion blockchain data. - Accurately calculate the financial data desired by customers based on basic knowledge of finance and accounting. - Build a backend environment that effectively combines hundreds of TB of blockchain data and stably serves customers. - Create a structure that achieves all of the above challenges while optimizing costs. 3. Customer Value - We are persistent in blockchain data and focus on delivering higher quality NFT financial data to customers more accurately and quickly than any other competitor. - Based on a stable backend environment, we create opportunities to expand more services in addition to the currently operating Desktop & Mobile product API services.• Establishment of artificial intelligence model pipeline and infrastructure • Development of preprocessing related to artificial intelligence models • Development / management of servers related to artificial intelligence models • Implementation of open source and libraries related to artificial intelligence modelsㆍDaycon platform backend development ㆍDB design and operationThe product development team is a cross-funtional organization comprised of planners, designers, and developers. Based on our understanding of the core values ​​of ‘Real World’ and ‘Real World Studio’ services, we are developing and improving products that can solve customer problems. → Are you curious about the product development team? [Go to Product Development Team Blog] [Main Tasks] - Real World Core Server Development: Develop and maintain the core game play logic of Real World, user data processing chat, and external linkage. - Others: Real World Studio API development and maintenance, back office development and maintenance• Development and operation of our service Flow VPP Platform backend (SpringBoot) • Design/implementation of major infrastructure features (API Web DB) of new electricity market services • Analysis of required functions/data design/interconnection specification design/backend logic development • AWS infrastructure management• Allcat service back-end server and back-office development / DB modeling • Node.js-based open environment • Constant technology R&D for a better server environment• Backend design/development/operation for standby lab web applications and automation systems • Research/development to maintain reliable systems • Collaboration using Git Slack NotionThe Media Connect team is an organization that contributes to the overall distribution line of content, and the work of back-end engineers is largely divided into the three tracks below. Building a new pipeline that covers the entire content distribution line Maintaining the data quality of the existing content distribution system and developing APIs Cloud environment infrastructure management We work with the following languages ​​and technology bases. CI/CD: AWS Github Language and technology stack: Node React Kotlin Spring PHP (WordPress site only) Collaboration tool: swit confluence google suit- Develop and operate a detection solution back office backend - Develop and operate a machine learning model inference system using data generated in real time (flink kafka) - Quickly detect various errors or failure situations that occur in the actual service environment and transparently identify the cause Build an environment that can be used and modified (AWS-based)• Playo service backend development • Data processing (collection and processing) Batch development / management (Python MySQL AWS S3) • API development / management (Python) • Distribution system advancement / management• Develop various functions using Java and SpringBoot • Define the requirements needed for the project, establish a development schedule, and proceed according to the schedule • Improve code quality through code reviews and support development of developers’ capabilities • Improve the performance of our services and System maintenance • Proposal to introduce new technology and improve development process- Development of KiT Producer service backend (based on Python / Django REST Framework) - Development of Admin panel and work automation program required to operate KiT Producer service• Establishment of new web service for 300,000 users (member login manager common platform API) and maintenance • Construction of our own web service (member login manager payment) and maintenance# One of the greatest benefits for Team Swatchion developers is excellent colleagues. We enjoy sharing insights in fields we know well and studying and pioneering new technologies together. The founder's CEO also has a background as a developer. He built the initial team with college alumni and co-workers and still participates in some work as a developer. It is the core organization of the company in name and reality and maintains a work culture that prioritizes technical discussions in collaboration with other departments and produces the best results with high efficiency. As a purely domestic team, we take pride in being one of the few teams that develop services used around the world. # Main tasks • Back-end development of Swatchon products • Resource management administrator development • Common service module development • Infrastructure design and construction # Recruitment procedure Document screening ＞ Assignment ＞ Job interview (online) ＞ Culture fit interview (face-to-face) ＞ Final acceptance # Recruitment Type • Full-time employee (3 months probationary period)ㆍDevelopment and operation of company service (E-commerce) backend ㆍDevelopment and operation based on AWS (EC2 RDS S3 Lambda, etc.)• Research and development of our own CRM service & multi-platform • Conduct research and development projects and projects within the company’s affiliated research institute[Our development team is structured like this] • R&D center = 1 development team + 2 development teams • Team 1 (composed of a total of 9 people) + 1 additional person being hired (assistant manager level) 1 team leader + 8 team members Scheduled to open in the second half of 2023 We are waiting for your support to serve you. [Work in progress] • Develop and operate honey jar management fee inquiry/payment, civil complaint, credit score, courier reservation, apartment news, electronic voting, voice broadcasting, in-app service, etc. [Additional tasks scheduled for the second half of 2023] • Develop and operate Kkuldanji mobile tenant card, complex talk, monthly rent automatic transfer, parking control gate, etc.• We develop Chemi, a commerce web platform, and everything needed for Chemi. • All group members lead the entire process from the product development stage to creating hypotheses about the market, designing, developing, and verifying the product. • You will collaborate with relevant teams to identify and consider user needs, find solutions, and reflect them in the product.• Development of our own mobile application backend system • MSA-based analysis/design/development• Implementation and maintenance of APIs (REST GraphQL) built with Django REST Framework or FastAPI • Communication with other teams • Scaling/security design • Mentoring of junior/mid-level backend engineers[Main tasks] • Platform maintenance and advancement • Maintenance of web solutions developed in PHP • Advanced development of new functions [Development environment] • DB: MariaDB • Lang: PHP javascript JQuery※This position is a full-time position and there is a 3-month probationary period upon hiring. ＜Selection Procedure＞ Document Screening ＞1st Working Staff Interview ＞2nd Culture Fit Interview ＞ Final Pass * The 1st working staff interview lasts a total of 2 hours. - 30-minute career presentation: Please introduce the candidate’s experience, project history, and available technology stack. * Preparation using free format PPT, etc. - 30-minute interview - 1-hour competency test: Questions and answers will be conducted based on the practical knowledge required for this position. ＜Technologies used＞ - Common - Kotlin (Preferred if Kotlin can be used with other languages ​​such as Node.js Python) - Git Docker - Kafka ELK - Track: Web service backend design and development - Spring Framework (Spring Boot Spring Batch, etc.) Experience in using tools preferred) - RDBMS (PostgreSQL or MySQL) - Redis - Track: Media processing backend design and development - CDN (Amazon CloudFront, etc.) - FFmpeg gstreamer - OpenCV - gRPC WebRTC, etc. Experience in using media communication protocols ＜Main duties＞ - We design and develop product servers that create digital innovation with deep human technology and provide beautiful experiences through this. - In order to provide the best value, we are involved in all invisible work, from system service design to operation. - Utilizes trendy technologies to ensure stable service operation, listens to users’ voices, and solves problems quickly and flexibly. - Consider and improve the expandable module structure. - Improve the development environment. - Share and review each other’s code. - Learn and share the latest technologies together.Work with the development team to understand application requirements. Write extensible code using the Python programming language. Test and debug your application. Develop backend components. Integrate user-facing elements using server-side logic. Evaluate and prioritize customer feature requests. Collaborate with front-end developers. Create development documents required for medical device approval.• Development of new algorithmic functions and business logic for order management system • Securities and partner API integration and module management • Open source package algorithm development and maintenance • AWS GCP infrastructure operation and management- Mini warehouse attic service business logic implementation and API development - Mini warehouse environment control IoT API design and implementation - New service API design and development• Development of a new Lotte Healthcare platform that provides personalized health management services • Development of back-end services for e-commerce functions, such as settlement of orders for member products • Development of system linkage and services for customized health management, such as genetic analysis information and health information • Stability even in large traffic volumes System design and development for servicesThe task you will be responsible for is ‘Back-end development’! • Design and develop our own services using (JAVA Spring Boot) • Improve the stability, scalability, and efficiency of services and infrastructure and conduct maintenance/repair work • Develop large-capacity services • Develop system stability [Recruitment process] • Document screening ＞＞ Technical tasks ＞＞ 1st interview ＞＞ 2nd interview ＞＞ Final result• Maintenance of our platform (kiosk user app manager web) and development of new features [Technology stack] • Node.js • AWS API Gateway/ RDS (MariaDB) / ELB / EC2• Upgrade and improve behavior pattern-based spontaneous combustion message server maintenance management▷ Olim’s backend crew uses this technology stack. - Language: golang JAVA javascript (node.js) python - Framework: Gin Springboot Express Selenium - Cloud Service: AWS GCP - VCS: github - DB&Search Engine: MySQL Redis ElasticSearch - DevOps: Docker Kubernetes Rancher ▷ Olimcrew is in this development culture. We are doing this together. - Code review through Github PR - Daily scrum - Post mortem after service deployment - New technology PoC [Let's do this together!] • 3D real-time content-based metaverse space platform Elifex server/infrastructure development and operation - Suitable for each service Environment and stack configuration - Add new features - Modify bug occurrence cause and situation analysis - Performance optimize Trouble-shooting - Implement RESTful API - Collect data for feature & statistics using ElasticSearch - Implement real-time data processing feature through Websocket • Possibility from a technical perspective PoC and R&D to review and study service function expansion • PRD distribution of new features and modifications • Establishment of infrastructure to minimize failures • Maintenance through monitoring system• Financial VAN service and firm banking (KRW and foreign currency) • Development and operation of system advancement and linkage • Development and operation of external linkage module monitoring, etc.[Main tasks] • Develop a system for overall 21st century radio services. • Track issues and improve performance through system monitoring. • Quickly acquire and apply the skills necessary to identify overall business requirements, consider service flow, and solve problems. [Main technologies] • Node.js NestJs Framework • AWS-based Infrastructure (EC2 S3 RDS Elasticache Code series WAF API Gateway, etc.)ㆍDevelopment of several service APIs that make up the day/curate platform ㆍDeveloping various day of the week service components based on MSA. (API worker batch script, etc.) ㆍLinkage with the back office and external e-commerce system of the day of the week service ㆍOperation and management of various services running in the AWS environment ㆍDevelopment of service components based on large data processing such as logging search advertising system• Development within e-government and SpringFramework• Nest.js-based backend server development (API WebSocket) • Operation of domestic/overseas services and response to issues• Development of IoT devices used in various processes of Laundrygo Smart Factory • Development of linkage in applications while handling various equipment and sensors • Development of real-time communication with BE server system through REST API • Compatibility of current C++/Qt Embedded Native output with Golang language Changed and developed an improved system structure • Developed linkage with Landrygo’s automatic shipping system and Style Scanner (automatic photo taking) system【Job Introduction】 This is how I work: • I am responsible for developing and maintaining backend functions connected to various blockchains required for D’Cent Wallet. • In addition, I am responsible for developing backend functions for various new services that will be launched in the future. • Due to the nature of blockchain services used by people around the world, our primary goal is to develop services that run stably 24 hours a day. 【Work Introduction】 This is what I do • I mainly develop/maintain backend servers based on Node.js and Typescript. • We are developing a back-end server that integrates/processes information to be used in D’Cent Wallet and Wepin Wallet in connection with various blockchains. • I am responsible for overall awesome backend work, including other newly released services. 【Technology Stack】 Utilize these technologies • Environment: Typescript (based on Node.js ESM) + MSA based on Nest.js + Prisma • Server: Kafka to be applied to inter-server communication • Tools: Slack / AWS / Github / VSCode 【Work Direction】 You can also experience this • Beyond simply using instances and DBs, you can learn and experience how various AWS services are used. • You can experience upscaling of services based on Node.js. • You can experience collecting and processing blockchain data.• [Finding a good room for Peter Pan] Service-related app/web-specific API development and maintenance • [Finding a good room for Peter Pan] Service-related administrator system construction- CELEBe service operation and development * Utilized technologies - Java 8/11 Spring Boot 2.x Spring Cloud - MySQL Redis - Git Maven Gradle Jenkins AWS- Develop back-end server and build infrastructure for projects to be operated or launched - Develop server linked with smart contracts to increase usability of DAppㆍOur service platform (DoctorFlex) server/service development and DB management[Development work] • Develop data collection data analysis core system • Build infrastructure utilizing various functions of AWS • Build big data processing and DML API (using ElasticSearch engine) [Deep thought and experimentation] • DevOps • Development process improvement • Collaboration and Concerns about development productivity • Concerns about efficient and fast data collection and preprocessing • Concerns about reasonable communication [Development environment] • Main technologies: Python Mysql ElasticSearch Django Fast Api AWS • Work tools: Git Slack Jira Notion • Code review: Bitbucket pair coding • Build/Deployment: Jenkins Aws Serverless [Preview of life after joining] • Arrive at work by 10:30 a.m. and greet you warmly. • By 10:40 a.m., we identify the work roadmap and current position, understand my work, and then conduct a daily scrum for each team. • 11:30 a.m. Order lunch or go out to eat. • Play a simple game to decide who will get the coffee. • If a conference or meeting is necessary, announce it in advance through Slack and set up a conference room for the meeting. • On days when I need to concentrate, I go outside, do some work, and then come back. • During work hours, each person is fully immersed in the work. • The physical distance between each other is close, allowing quick communication to make quick decisions. • There are a set of books to read for the growth roadmap. Through study sessions, we study together, create content, and grow into better people. • Unique distribution of weekly work hours to ensure high team efficiency. • We often have company dinners and eat together outside, and usually without alcohol. • Starting in the afternoon on Christmas Eve, we have a party with games and delicious food prepared by each person.• Back-end development to provide stable services such as HMI KIOSK POS • Design and operation of system architecture suitable for target service • Development of DB and linked API • Construction and operation of cloud/on-premise server • Service maintenance and advancement based on user feedback• Development of various functional components required for reservations, reverse direct purchase, language schools, accommodation, financial products, etc. • Construction of large data processing systems such as recommendation systems, search systems, and logging systems • Construction of operation and distribution systems to provide stable and continuous services• Posteller application/web service development • Content creation platform development • Affiliate service development • Service data analysis[Job Description] • Responsible for the backend of the Lotalk service. • Collaborate with front engineers and develop HTTP APIs. • Model the database. [Development environment] • Use clouds such as AWS KT Cloud. • Developed with Javascript or Typescript in the Node.js environment. • Use MongDB Redis. • Use Github Slack Notion Jira. • Do a code review.The amount of virtual assets held by domestic corporations and individuals has already exceeded KRW 60 trillion, and the proportion of assets is expected to increase further in the future. Accordingly, accurate accounting and tax treatment of household assets has become a very important issue. This position is responsible for developing new functions and improving existing functions of GDAC Fund Service, Korea's first virtual asset tax accounting management service. - GDAC fund service API development and maintenance/repair - Domestic and overseas virtual asset exchange API linkage - Service management system (admin) development• Development of API for Web Application Server such as service products • Development of internal business system linkage and external affiliate organization linkage • Implementation and refactoring of the customer service server area among the operating systems• Main tasks ㆍBack-end server development • Recruitment procedure: Document screening, aptitude test, interview, final acceptance ※ The interview selection process is conducted at the Gangnam office, and the final successful candidate will be working in Seoul (16th floor of Fast Five in front of Gangnam Station Exit 4) no see. ※ Please note that if the information you provided on your application (education and work experience, etc.) is found to be false, your acceptance will be automatically cancelled. ※ The annual salary is determined after individual consultation based on career history and in accordance with company regulations. ※ Any matters not specified above shall be governed by relevant laws and regulations. ㆍA 3-month probationary period is applied to all positions at our company from the date of initial employment, regardless of whether they are new or experienced. ㆍA separate [Probationary Contract] and [Initial 1-Year Contract/Annual Salary Employment Contract] are prepared for all new employees for the first 3 months. ㆍ Only those who pass the employment contract period evaluation for 3 months of probationary period and 1 year of first employment will be renewed as a [regular employee contract] with no fixed period. * In principle, the company's welfare benefits will be applied without discrimination during the above probationary period. Let's do it- Development of backend required for data analysis service - Integration with customer database and data extraction - Development of engine that converts natural language into SQL query using GPT API [Technology stack] - Node.js - Google Cloud App Engine - MongoDB AWS S3 SQL Amazon Athena and BigQuery, etc.- We calculate development tasks together with teams such as planners and designers according to the project and customer needs. - Analyze existing code to find the most optimal development method and calculate the schedule. - Development is carried out according to the completed design. - We carry out development-related work (continuous work: development hotfixes and data identification, etc.) to ensure that Neulpet Plus operates smoothly.• Backend development to service image processing compression functions developed using artificial intelligence and semiconductor design technology in a cloud environmentWe develop and operate a trading bank system. - Backtesting (financial investment simulation) engine development - Robo-advisor (automated investment system) engine development - MSA component implementation and maintenance - DB query analysis and optimization[Main tasks] • Development of B2B solution API related to my data in the financial and medical education fields [Recruitment procedures] • Document screening ＞ Online coding test ＞ 1st interview ＞ 2nd interview ＞ Treatment consultation ＞ Final acceptance ※Procedures are subject to change. [Precautions when applying] • This announcement is for full-time employment, and a 3-month probationary period may be provided if necessary. [Note] • Only those who pass the documents will be contacted. • This recruitment process is ongoing and may end when excellent talent is hired.[Main Duties] - Fetching Back-end Engineer is a very important position in charge of the basic technology of fetching. - Fetching service Node.js-based API development - Node.js-based crawler development - Admin page development - Building and managing AWS infrastructure [Technology stack used] - Backend: Node.js Express MySQL - Infrastructure: AWS RDS Elastic beanstalk - Front: React 16+ React Native 0.61+ - We manage the project with Notion and communicate with Slack.Backend Developer - PdX's first goal is to • develop data pipelines and dashboards, which are the core of AI solutions. • You will also be responsible for developing and operating the MLOps pipeline to help data scientists conduct efficient research cycles. - Development of data lake consisting of Object Storage and Metadata DB - Development of Event Driven Architecture service using Message Queue - Development of API and interface for ML algorithm serving - Development of API using web framework - Database design and development - Creation of automation script - Monitoring Distribution BMT performance, etc. ※ One Predict is currently implementing the service in Python. Recruitment will be conducted regardless of the technology stack the applicant has built, but after recruitment, development will be conducted in Python through an onboarding process.• Service backend development and operation • AWS cloud infrastructure design / implementation / operation and failure handling • Music data processing- Develop and maintain the application backend based on TypeScript + Node.js + Firestore + Firebase Functions - Design and apply patterns to structure the application within Firebase Functions with team members - Change the code that was previously managed based on data schema to the domain model. Change to manage[Back-End] • Development of advertising server system to execute digital advertisements • Research and development of business logic • Implementation of architecture design based on cloud service (AWS) • Development / maintenance of OpenRTB DSP • AWS Cloud Infra configuration management and EKS/ ECS environment setting • SQL / MongoDB / Redis handling • Development of external solution linkage module• Design, develop, test and operate all Amonds application APIs • Develop and operate services using NestJS framework • Participate in all processes from service architecture design to releaseNew web service [server/backend] Recruiting developer team members (Node/Nest/MySQL/PostgreSQL) • Development and maintenance of server-side applications using Node.js • Design and implementation of API using Express.js or Nest.js framework • Database design and integration • Server performance optimization and scaling • API integration testing and deployment through collaboration with client development team • Research and application of optimal solutions for server security and data protection • Server instance management and operation using AWS EC2 • Database management and operation using AWS RDS • Content distribution and domain management using AWS CloudFront and Route 53 • Building and managing serverless architecture using AWS Lambda and API Gateway• Infrastructure operation management optimization work - Azure AWS Kubernetes • Server microservice API development & operation for each domain - Golang • Data analysis• Development and operation of social fintech platform (I’min) App linkage API • Development and operation of social fintech platform (I’min) web system • Development and operation of settlement system for operation of I’min platform • Back office for operation of I’min platform System development and operation • System monitoring and performance improvement • B2B B2C new service system design and development * Technology stack: AWS Java JPA Spring Boot Spring batch MySQL REST API Jenkins Git Redis QueryDSL React ■ Development environment * I’min was developed as a native app there is. 1) How do we store and manage data? • Uses MySQL and Redis. • Examine the execution plan of slow queries and proceed with index design and tuning. 2) Are you writing test code? • Write tests based on Junit5 and verify with AssertJ. 3) How are you preparing for high volume traffic? • Build services on AWS-based infrastructure. • Application servers are redundant through AWS ELB. 4) How do I do a code review? • Request PRs with Codestream, find best practices, and conduct code reviews. 5) Is service deployment automated? • CI/CD was built using Gitlab Jenkins AWS (Code Deploy). 6) Is server monitoring and logging well configured? • Check for errors through messenger web hooks. Check server logs using AWS CloudWatch. 7) Are you documenting it? • Creating Rest API documents through Swagger • Organizing the development process history using Dooray Wiki.• Implementation and advancement of API design • Automation of repetitive tasks that occur during service deployment • Analysis and monitoring of various log metrics, etc. • Find the cause of problems that occur during service development and operation and seek solutions together with members ■ Selection process Document screening ＞ 1st interview ＞ Personality test ＞ 2nd interview ＞ Final acceptance ※Only those who pass each screening will be individually notified. ※The selection process may change depending on our circumstances. In case of changes, separate notification will be provided only to those who pass the document screening.• Job: Developing our own service (Onfit Selvy Checkup) • Recruitment screening process: Document screening -＞ Interview screening (conducting a prior personality test) -＞ Final acceptance *The interview screening may proceed to the 1st or 2nd round for each position.ShareRound's backend developers design and build backends for web/app products and internal back offices. • Due to the nature of the service, we develop backends in two areas: fintech (credit screening for regular payments, etc.) such as rental/installment, and commerce. • Design and build financial backend, including external credit rating agency API integration and open banking My Data.• Backend developer lead • MSA (Microservice Architecture)-based large-capacity traffic processing infrastructure design, construction and operation • Python Restful API backend server development • PHP CodeIgniter server development (Legacy) • Server database modeling • Internal tool development for service operationThis is the main task. • Develop services using Poja Labs’ sound generation technology. • Develop a sound source generation system that can automatically generate sound sources with AI. • Develop internal products to support composition development work. • Develop commonly used technologies into internal libraries.- Development of a scalable and stable backend for LOVO's various voice synthesis technology-based services - Development of a backend to reliably and reliably APIize the voice synthesis AI model - Cloud architecture development and management• Avatar communication service backend development / maintenance / management. • Collaborate with the deep learning team to develop a next-generation Cloud AI API service platform. • Focus on developing services that customers like that are not limited to a specific scope.- Back-end development and server infrastructure management for an educational service app (for iPad) for middle school students - Work is planned on a sprint basis and each individual takes the lead in carrying out the work. - Solve problems and perform sprints through cooperation with team members.• Backend development (Java)• System development and maintenance in Linux C/C++ • System redevelopment and refactoring with Java-based Spring1. New product planning and development 2. Improvement and addition of existing product product functions 3. Creation and management of technical data- Development of back-end RESTful API - Handling and maintenance of issues such as server errors - Additional development of API suitable for large-scale data management and services* Main tasks - Online service and management system backend development and operation - Bulk payment bulk messaging (text email, etc.) module development and operation - API development and operation * Development environment - Server language: C# .NET Core (EF Core) .NET Framework - Client language: React.js vanilla js - Database: SQL Server - Infrastructure: Microsoft Azure AWS - CI/CD: Azure DevOps - Configuration management/code review: BitBucket / GIT - Work management/wiki: Jira Confluence Notion Slack, etc. * Work Overview - Donors is a data platform (CDP; Customer Data Platform) that collects and utilizes member and donation data, which are core assets of each organization. The amount of data handled by Donors is increasing at a rate of more than five times every year. - Our scope of work includes everything that creates value through customer data, such as automatically paying numerous donations, communicating through various channels such as email, text, and KakaoTalk, and visualizing and providing data for establishing fundraising strategies. In order to meet the diverse needs of our customers, we are internalizing core functions while creating an open platform that allows data to freely exchange through linkage with other SaaS and open API. - Donors uses the same code to serve customers of various sizes, from international NPOs with over 100,000 members to local welfare centers. In order to provide appropriate services to each customer group with the same code, an advanced multi-tenant architecture is essential. We carry out continuous research and development on this. - A growing system is bound to face various challenges. System design and development that takes into account function, performance, scalability, stability, and security, as well as close collaboration between team members, are required. If you join Donors' development, you will be able to accumulate deep development knowledge and experience that cannot be easily obtained anywhere else. * Team culture - Code review: All code is required to undergo a code review before distribution. Several developers discuss and reflect on ways to better design and implement. - DevOps: Aims to automate the testing and deployment process as much as possible. We are configuring a testing and deployment pipeline using Azure DevOps. - Knowledge sharing: We actively utilize the in-house wiki to share knowledge. In particular, we record design discussions in detail so that all team members can refer to them. We value external exchanges through conferences, etc., so we attend together and share opinions. - Collaboration: Apply working methods with collaborative planning/marketing staff according to the situation. The development of experimental modules is carried out through rapid prototyping and feedback from developers, and when exact reflection of difficult requirements is required, communication is made through a plan. - Adoption of new technologies: Encourage studying and trying new technologies. When we determine that there are clear benefits to be gained from introducing a technology, we implement it into actual products. New perspectives are shared and discussed at weekly development team meetings.Let me first introduce SlogUp’s development culture. At Sloggers, all members, including PM designers and developers, define and design products as a team with the mindset of ‘responding to uncertain hypotheses and risks at the beginning rather than at the end.’ Backend product engineers are responsible for the following tasks: - Understand why the products and functions being developed are being developed - Participate from the idea stage and suggest creative and efficient directions - Present ways to achieve maximum effectiveness with minimal development - Collaborate with PM product designers to focus on functionality rather than function implementation Solve problems - Build prototypes very quickly during the hypothesis verification stage - Develop proven goals into efficient and scalable designs - Continuously learn technology and flexibly apply it to products by considering business aspects - High trust Schedule estimation capability to make level commitments• Implementation of server functions of Moin overseas remittance service • Operating database and web service in cloud environment • Designing and writing code, testing, code review and distribution •• Establish a standard Express-based backend development environment. • We conduct relevant research and development to build a reliable and productive development environment. • Documentation is included, and some of the results may be released as open source. • We develop various products using the NestJS-based backend development standard environment.• Chatty service backend system design and development (Django Django Rest Framework) • Chatty back office (Admin) developmentThis is how Finda backend developers work! • Finda works as a purpose-built organization where colleagues in various positions, including Software Engineer, Product Owner, and Product Designer, collaborate with one goal: ‘good products.’ • Finda’s back-end developers work proactively within a PT (Product Team) with expertise and affection for the product. • We work in a 2-6 week sprint cycle and consider the compromise between product speed and quality to achieve the best results. • To achieve company-wide OKRs, you can synchronize the why and how with your colleagues while also focusing on your own work with ownership.This is the Backend Engineer we are looking for. - Application component design, development, testing and operation - Development and improvement of administrator page for service operation - Platform design and implementation to handle large amounts of data reliably and effectively - Service Re-Architecting for MSA[Main tasks] • New web service construction & CMS construction and maintenance • Backend API design & API integration work • Integration and optimization of AI and backend system [Technologies used] • MySQL / Nest.JS / Node.js / TypeScript • HTML / CSS3 / JavaScript / React [Development team status] • Consists of 1 CTO / 2 Back-end Engineers / 3 Front-end Engineers. *After joining the company, there is a 3-month probationary period to fit in with the company.- Design and develop REST API server using Node.js - Real-time communication server development - Back office service development - Service construction using AWS- Parking service operation and development (IPMS External Members, etc.) - Next-generation service development (parking control)- Platform backend project development and maintenance - Participate in the design of various user experiences targeting not only B2B but also B2C - Communicate and collaborate with various people in charge such as planning, design, development, sales and operation team - Linkage and development of back-end systems - Stable and scalable infrastructure Design and operation - Writing unit/functional test code - Celery Rabbit MQ-based task management system[Wort Intelligence Development Team - Introduction to the back-end part] - The back-end part is part of the development team and collaborates with the front data part - The back-end part manages/operates the infrastructure used throughout the service and develops business logic for various services. - We are working with the goal of fast and stable service operation and efficient development - We are discussing through code reviews for better development [Work to be done together] - We are maintaining the main service, Keywort service, and other services - Statistical data to be used for visualization Let's create various types of functions together, such as a simplified report tool and integration with a search server - Focusing on Spring Boot, we deal with various databases such as Redis MySQL MongoDB RabbitMQ IMDG, etc. - Java Kotlin Node.js Python Various We are developing functions using languages ​​- we are using various technologies to build MSA.• Server backend development• Solution backend development• Baropharm Restful API design and development • Partner CMS page development • AWS-based infrastructure operation• MS SQL Sever -> My SQL Server DB migration • RESTful API development • Java & Javascript development• Communication and work coordination with other departments to achieve business goals • Balan Mall service improvement and new function development • Back office service development for Balan Mall operation • Back-end performance improvement and optimization to improve customer usability • Architecture for large-scale services Design and transition • Establish and execute back-end strategy and mid/long-term roadmap• Back-end project development and maintenance • Server and infrastructure development • Database structure design • Server design considering high volume trafficTechnology Stack - NodeJS - NestJS - SQL Server - MongoDB - C# - Azure• Establishment and operation of domestic and foreign customer websites • Development of digital services • Capitalization of development experience such as establishment of in-house framework• Develop a solution that reflects the sourcing/procurement/order/payment system • Develop an integrated management solution that makes work time efficient • Develop an inventory management solution that minimizes redundant work and manual work • Develop a system that improves the flow and entry/exit efficiency of the warehouse• Back-end development using GPT API • Development of various data pre/post-processing visualization and batch programsResponsible for online education platform backend development and DB design and construction.・Building an API for web services based on Nginx Node.js Nest.js ・Building a Docker-based container environment ・Cloud server deployment and management ・Education platform database design and development ・Existing education platform maintenance and issue response• (Back-end experience) Back-end development work for the company's service 'AI Pub', a Kubernetes-based artificial intelligence platform ## Artificial intelligence platform development team The artificial intelligence platform development team is a platform that automates integrated artificial intelligence learning/operation based on GPU cloud. We develop and maintain AI Pub. We are a multi-functional team that focuses on server development to commercialize Ten's core technologies along with R&D, and is also responsible for platform installation and service maintenance at our customers after completing product packaging. Our team strives to secure new technologies based on GPU and Docker. Rather than sticking to existing methods, we are working to find the optimal tool to keep up with new artificial intelligence technology and incorporating that technology into our services. We are looking for someone who will become a pioneer of artificial intelligence MLOps in a new field. Team members are experts who have successfully built and delivered several artificial intelligence construction projects for large corporations since 2016. He is an expert in artificial intelligence, an expert in NVIDIA GPUs, and an expert in Kubernetes. • Main tasks - Development of the backend of our web solution based on python FastAPI - Enhancement of the backend of our web solution based on python FastAPIDevelopment of new services (LLM chatbot) based on JAVA or Kotlin Improvement of existing service functions (MLOps LMS)• Server development and maintenance using Java • Existing system analysis and performance optimization • Design and implementation after identifying user requirements and business logic- Establishment of a new business platform - Establishment of the CAT (Computer-Assisted Translation) Tool used in the translation industry on a web basis. - If you don't understand, it would be good to think of something like `Figma` or `GoogleDocs`! - We create a translation service platform that covers all stages from translation request to progress/inspection/delivery/payment.• Backend development manager (lead) • Backend practical work • SpringBoot (Kotlin) 70% • Node.js (TypeScript) 20% • Others 10%• Development and operation of platform service API • Design and improvement of system architecture • Maintenance and management of operating servers Develop additional functionsㆍPerforming short-term and short-term projects (public and general enterprises) ㆍBack-end design and development ㆍAPI development and linkage work ㆍDatabase design and construction• Bot API development for blockchain DeFi service • Kleva (Lending) Kurrency (Crypto Dollar) service operation and expansion maintenance • Technology stack used - Development language: Go - DB: MySQL - Cloud: Azure - Collaboration tool: Git Slack Notion JIRA• Design and development of a Video Understanding Platform API that developers can easily understand and use - Twelve Labs' ultra-large video AI model (Video Foundation Model) can be easily understood even without ML domain knowledge. - We aim to develop a scalable interface so that it can be easily connected to multiple domains. • Establishment of an MSA-based backend system to provide scalable services in various environments - Constructs a Micro Service Architecture for non-disruptive deployment services and a flexible expansion structure for fault isolation. - We build a SaaS platform using container-based services (EKS ECS, etc.) on clouds such as AWS for general customers. - We also consider service packaging to operate services on-premise for corporate customers. • Service operation and improvement for global service availability - Optimize existing API performance and service logic ㄴ Build a Massive Traffic Distributed System together to process large amounts of data in real time. ㄴ Increase throughput by optimizing process utilization through profiling. - Trouble shooting such as bug fixing and service failure [Main technologies] • Language: Go • DB: MongoDB Elasticsearch Redis Pinecone RabbitMQ Kafka • Cloud: AWS Kubernetes DataDog- Design/develop and operate a high-performance backend server with a distributed structure that can stably receive large amounts of real-time traffic - Develop and operate a machine learning model inference system using data generated in real time (flink kafka) - Various problems that occur in the actual service environment Build an environment where errors or failures can be quickly detected and the cause transparently identified and corrected (AWS-based)• Server/web solution (Front-end/Back-end) research and development / maintenance • javascript Spring framework MariaDB Linux • Server programming • System design and implementation • Development of server functions related to platform integration and operationIntroducing the product team. The Fling Product Team plans and develops Fling apps and web services so that numerous customers can use the service without inconvenience and to take on the challenge of meeting more customers. This is how the product team works. It operates as a scrum team, and in order to clearly understand what each person's role is and what the conditions are for completing the task, we define and proceed with the role outputs of the collaborating parties and how to deliver them. We run sprints every two weeks, and at the end of each sprint, all members reflect together on the process and results. We work to discover and solve problems ourselves, rather than solving them after they arise. Responsibilities - Development of API corresponding to cross platform (iOS Android Web) - Development of Dadukeo service infrastructure and localizing work for global expansion - Communication and development with partners for introduction of AI voice technology[Company introduction and pride] • At Blending, a development team with experienced executives and many senior developers is working energetically. We are looking for great colleagues to build a successful startup together. [Blending's Achievements] • Blending's development environment consists of native mobile and a backend system using Python, and the basic infrastructure system uses AWS and DevOps is used to reduce simple procedures. [Main tasks] • Global fandom platform Mubeat backend development • Music radio Mua backend development• Responsibilities - Upgrading Python-based AI solutions using video data - Video data processing and customization - DB construction and design - Service core logic design and advancement • Main tasks - Development of our own services (video production automation solution) and web-based programs - Cloud-based Server Storage Setting - Service DB construction and design - Data management system construction - Service core logic design and advancement• Development of an advertising operation system based on mass data analysis • Development of an API service to provide data as a result of analysis of collected source data • Development and operation of a real-time batch processing task module for data analysis and processing • Service management and monitoring• Pick&Pick B2C rental service platform operation and development (web web app back office) • Rental logistics system (WMS) operation and development -Front: React ES6 Thymeleaf (to be improved) -Back: Java SpringBoot JPA AWS -DB: Mysql Redis -Code Review and study culture• Site web service development • LMS service development• I develop core modules based on Java (Spring Boot) and various services provided to users. • I design and improve database models for various services provided to users. • I work to connect various financial companies and various types of interfaces. • I work on developing an online loan comparison and brokerage service API. • I work on developing a new financial service API based on My Data. • I work on developing social networking-based financial service APIs.- Development of e-commerce product display order logistics platform. - Separation of monolithic services into microservices through MSA.• Develop and operate web service backend in Node.js (express nest) environment • Develop using TypeScript • Write code that loads and uses data in storage such as mySQL / Redis / MongoDB according to the nature of the data • Application deployment system on AWS management[Infra] • AWS Paas/Beanstalk Lambda EC2 • DNS S3 CDN/Cloud Front settings and monitoring [Database] • Service development using RDS (MySQL) ORM • Redis memory cache and performance improvement [APP] • Python Flask F/W REST API implementation • Willa Backoffice and multimedia-based large content management- API design and implementation - Legacy API Renewal - External API integration - Web App Backend development for administrators * PHP ASP.NET MsSQL Git Notion• Rest-api development • JavaWe will do this together. • We develop and maintain the blockchain backend system of the gaming platform created by Trala Lab. • Develop smart contracts using blockchain technology. • Design and implement an API using blockchain technology. • Design and build a blockchain-based distributed database. • Research and apply blockchain technology trends to development.We are recruiting capable developers to work with us on back-end development, and selection will be conducted through interviews.The work of our company's back-end developers can be broadly divided into two categories depending on our product portfolio. The first is the development of a server for digital dementia diagnosis and treatment programs. Analyze test results transmitted from the database that manages the patient's medical information and the Android terminal program, and create a report page of the analysis results. We are also creating an administrator page with the ability to check patient progress and provide training programs. Lastly, we are also developing a server that analyzes the degree of dementia progression by analyzing the test results of the dementia diagnosis app. The second is the construction and maintenance of a medical image-based dementia diagnosis and analysis server. Dementia is diagnosed through a machine learning-based analysis algorithm of medical images such as MRI. It inputs the patient's medical information into the data pipeline of the analysis server, stores the analysis results, and turns them into medical reporting results.- Implement backend business logic using Python DRF and develop and operate a Fapis server. - We provide stable operations to customers and partner Fapis team members through automated tasks such as periodic notification dashboard and order closing processing. - We collect and manage customer data for use in decision-making by building a data warehouse. - We process repair work price image data collected during the service and extract insights through Redash and spreadsheets. - We are conducting data linkage and development for collaboration with luxury goods-related companies, including SSG.COM Ribbons.• Development of a new Lotte Healthcare platform that provides personalized health care services • Development of a back-end platform for e-commerce functions such as member product order settlement • Design and development of a system for stable service even with large traffic volumes • Development organization capable of performing these tasks Building and Leading• Development and operation of a container-based AI/ML learning and inference pipeline • Development of a backend that efficiently serves multiple ML models simultaneously • Development of an API for real-time inference of ML models• Main tasks - Launching and development of new cryptocurrency custody service - Development of API linking STO platform service / MPC Wallet, etc. • Selection process - Document screening ＞ 1st interview ＞ 2nd interview ＞ Executive interview ＞ Final acceptance• Mobility Lab (company-affiliated research institute) research project implementation • Establishment and development of new services • Development and maintenance related to mobility servicesㆍBackend development and maintenance of services operated by our company ㆍNew service development (Web App) server work- JAVA-based computer system development and operation (accounting management, sales management, human resources management) - Groupware ERP The Zone operation management - 1st field department interview / 2nd executive interview / final pass• Establishment and operation of our own services • Development and operation of our own APIs • Strengthening system functions for interoperability with external systemsOur development team consists of a front-end development team and a back-end development team, and the position we are recruiting is for the back-end development team. The back-end development team carries out solution-based advancement or customization. • Laravel (PHP 8.1) • Mysql • Redis • Docker • Cloud service (AWS Azure) • Git • Redmine (collaboration management tool) • Kafka (introduced internally due to many recent use cases)• REST API development • Admin page construction and operationThe work you will be responsible for after joining the company is to develop new services and enhance functions that we operate. Since there is a clear profit model, you can first proceed with existing service operations and development that reflects customer needs, and after adaptation to a certain extent, new service development will proceed. From the planning stage, you can discuss with the person in charge of planning and design to come up with ideas and work on concretizing them.• Responsible for Spring/Kotlin based backend development[Main tasks] - Improving the API server and developing new features using Python Django Django REST Framework - Improving Django Admin and developing new features - Improving the stability, scalability and efficiency of server projects - Various attempts to create better products• Develop an admin dashboard platform for asset management • Establish an operation and distribution system to provide stable and continuous services- Design and development of software for robot management required for service operation - Resource management/framework development - Design and development of other software platforms and framework SDKs - Development of various IoT devices such as elevator automatic door sensors so that they can be used for services * Telework consultation Possible· Conduct development sprints on a weekly basis · Share daily progress, issues, etc. · Participate in planning and share feedback with all team members · Manage tasks and issues (notion and github) · Manage code versions and collaborate with Github · Use Github actions · Automation by building CICD such as Github action Jenkins graylog · Test automation through Unittest scenario test, etc. · Code push management through PR (pull request) · Use of AWS as development infrastructure.• Solution development/operation • Business logic development and system architecture design and implementation • Communication with frontend developers and planners • Technology used: Python Django (Flask FastAPI, etc.) Java Spring (SpringBoot) MySQL PostgreSQL• Understand the goals and intent of the initiative and effectively implement functionality on top of the backend technology stack. • Understand code reuse scalability and improve it into an easy-to-maintain system. • Continuously improve our technology stack and development processes. • Provide technical consulting and solutions to technical problems.• Development and operation of AI function service through collaboration with AI researchers and PM • Management of overall infrastructure such as cloud environment and GPU for smooth operation of AI service• Develop DB design implementation procedures for new development system • Develop and manage back-end agent• SaaS and LMS development using php mysql javascrit • Main use of CodeIgniter• Role as a back-end developer in the development of a blockchain-based coffee logistics platform • Recruitment after interview with working staff upon passing the documentsWe achieve service advancement by defining and improving technical issues of Pixo Global Service. • Establish and operate development direction and roadmap for Pixo’s global services (web/app). • Perform back-end design and development work for Pixo’s global services (web/app). • Improve infrastructure structure and performance for stable and efficient service operation. • Upgrade the internal CMS (Content Management System). • Perform management tasks for team productivity and collaboration.We are working with planners, designers, and QA members to create the process from order to delivery. We analyze various requirements and solve problems to improve operational efficiency and usability. - Development of a dispatch & delivery platform that manages optimal dispatch and delivery process according to delivery characteristics - Development of a control platform that monitors real-time delivery status and manages delivery infrastructure operation - Rider platform that manages rider operations such as Baemin Connect support settlement performance Development• Build a DB design infrastructure suitable for the project (AWS) • Design and build an API structure • Build a deployment system• Develop and operate web service APIs and backend systems. • Develop and operate an automated protein/glycoprotein search platform.• Design/development and advancement of university information portal system and related service back-end parts • Design/development and advancement of edutech service back-end parts- Development of a back-end server that operates large-scale logistics robots through central control - Development of a real-time decision making module that collects the real-time status of multiple logistics robots and controls operations based on this - Dime Research AI in collaboration with the research team Logistics robot operation algorithm library integration - Development of communication modules and database schema for integrated operation of various types of logistics robots.• Developed the back-end of the Viewa Pro (customer management in the beauty industry) service • Developed the back-end of the Viewa Market (B2B mall in the beauty industry) service • Integration with external services such as Naver Reservation, Easy Pay, and SNS• Development of electric vehicle charger operation and control platform service backend • Development of electric vehicle charger data collection, monitoring, and predictive control service • Collaboration with AI team to develop services based on electric vehicle charger data • Development of other new services and design of advancement of existing services • Processing of large-scale time series data and construction of pipeline etc.o Backend design and implementation of Argos service o Restful API development and maintenance o Web application server development and maintenance• Develop the commerce backend service for the Avery app used by users. • Develop the platform service Open API used by Avery sellers. • Develop back-office services used by Avery team members to operate the platform. • Responsible for designing, developing, and operating a stable system that can respond to increased traffic. • Mentor junior developers and help them grow quickly.• JFun's product (Mtect Emtect AI) backend development • Development of a common platform that constitutes JFun's Mtect • Data collection using Facebook Business SDK Shopee Cafe24 API • Open market data linkage and collection • Facebook Pixel data Analysis • Building future big data solutions• 3D avatar-based social service (• Wine purchasing system linked to Kakao chatbot platform • Shopping mall management center used by wine shop owners • Back office webpage for Wine Route super admin • (Planned) Wine shop online shopping mall exposed to consumersThe BackEnd part is responsible for developing the currently operating Debug Depost and Quick API services. • Build reliable and scalable services by leveraging the latest technologies and frameworks. • Using websockets, various information such as delivery status changes, location updates, etc. are provided to clients in real time. • Develop services that can respond to increasing traffic as the company grows. • Design an architecture that considers scalability and performance and write optimized code and queries to ensure efficient data processing and response time. • Collaborate with team members to manage project schedules and maintain good code quality. • Follow development processes such as code review, unit testing, continuous integration and deployment (CI/CD), and promote team productivity and collaboration.• Stable and scalable service design and operation of KidsNote service • REST API development to provide service functions • Unit/functional test code • Infrastructure stabilization-related work• Leading fintech/proptech business model architecture design and development• Design and develop servers for the Ellis platform. • Planning/Operation/Development gather in one team and perform work quickly in two-week sprints. • Expand and improve the system to reliably handle continuously increasing traffic and meet complex business requirements. • We actively utilize the latest technologies to ensure that services operate quickly and reliably, and we define problems based on data from actual users and solve them quickly and flexibly. • Develop and enhance a WebSocket-based code editor that enables real-time collaboration. • Develop and enhance WebRTC-based video services. • Develop and enhance Linux container-based code execution services.• Develop REST API GraphQL server using express and nest.js • Use various databases such as MySQL DynamoDB PostgreSQL Elasticsearch • Manage application distribution system on AWS [Selection process] Document screening -> 1st interview -> Treatment consultation and final acceptance ※ Application position There may be some coding tests. (Separate guidance will be provided when arranging the interview schedule) ※ Reference checks can be performed with consent during the selection process.• I play a senior role in Blue Whale Company’s product backend design/development. • We present development guides and design architecture considering performance/scalability. • Design new modules and develop core logic for product development. • Improve logic and improve performance through code reviews.Development and operation of several domain area functions, such as product ordering benefits and member claims of the Buzznee Commerce platform Establishment and operation of DevOps to provide the above services stablyThis is work to be done together with the IT Technology Development Team • Development and operation of REST API Server for each pipeline • Improvement of server structure for stable processing of real-time transmitted data • Design and development of system domain for data analysis • Data analysis by data team and clinical team Collaboration for • Improvement of structures such as data communication encryption, decryption, and de-identification for cyber security in each countryThe Sync platform development part is categorized as follows: The tasks you will perform after joining the company include designing the overall platform development part and managing the process. [Advanced] This is a scheduled task for additional design and new function development. 1. API server development and maintenance • Responsible for overall Sync service API development. • Compliance with RFC4918 RESTful API Style-based principles • Understanding and implementation of API Versioning + HATEOAS • User-optimized API that complies with FFTHW FFTPA principles • Responsible for overall development of Sync service architecture. • Compliance with SOLID principles • Establishment and implementation of a better i18n strategy • Application of basic patterns such as MVC DTO VO CoR RBAC, etc. • Implementation of Pattern Language design in compliance with RFC 3066 / RFC 3339 / RFC 5545 specifications • DB design maintenance • Compliance with ACID principles • Strategy establishment on how to bridge the gap between TypeORM-JPA specifications, design implementation research, etc. • N+1 • Research and implementation on how to solve the problems solved by Meta Model in the Typescript camp • ORIM (Object-Relational Impedance Mismatch) issue How to resolve the JPA-TypeORM gap. • Track issues and improve performance through BI Tool (Redash) / system monitoring (Sentry CloudWatch Metrics). • Expansion of software architecture based on BDD Design Pattern, advancement of legacy code, • Acquire and apply technology by identifying other overall business requirements. 2. Scheduler (Batch System) / Notification expansion and maintenance • IaC - CF state mismatch / conflict management strategy establishment and implementation research • AWS Batch / Fargate 3. DevSecOps Pipeline expansion and maintenance • Better versioning / revert than the current team level Strategy 4. Tracing: Monitoring Error Tracking • Log pipeline construction design • Tracing configuration strategy establishment and implementation • BI tool construction ETL pipeline construction 5. Design implementation according to service expansion • Core module management [Technology stack] • TypeScript (> 5.0) NestJS ( ＞ 9.0) • TypeORM • BDD/TDD: mocha chai sinon nyc • RDBMS: MariaDB / MySQL • GitOps / Terraform IaC with Gitlab • AWS Resources Management: SQS SNS Elasticache Redis as NoSQL Eventbridge CloudWatch ECS + Fargate RDS S3 + CloudFront etc.• Web backend REST API development and optimization • DB design and operation • File server and data management• E-commerce software development • Administrator main function errors and service development • E-commerce system maintenance and development management • Development project integrated management and internal communication• Service development (backend focused) - Development team leading - App/web CMS system - Infrastructure and systems related to the above- Development of virtual asset exchange backend business logic and API - Development of blockchain-based financial service backend• Backend design and development operation of trading card platform service • Efficient API development • AWS-based server maintenance and improvement Technology stack - Node.js (Koa framework) - AWS services (ALB ECS ECR RDS Cloudwatch, etc.) - Elasticsearch - Mysql Recruitment process • Document screening → Practical interview → Cultural interview → Final discussion 1. Document screening • Please upload your resume & portfolio and fill out basic personal information accurately. • The resume format is free, but please include Break & Company and your motivation for applying for the position. • Once your resume is received, we will review your application and send you a result email within 7-10 days. 2. First working interview • Interviews will be conducted with co-workers with whom you will actually collaborate after joining the company. • Interviews are conducted with a focus on the job, including capabilities and experience communication methods as practitioners. • You can ask plenty of questions about the service and the company, and understand how the position you applied for works at Break & Company. 3. 2nd cultural interview • This is a C-Level interview that focuses on whether you sympathize with Break & Company’s vision and can adapt well to the organizational culture. • You can ask any questions you have about Break & Company's organizational culture, what vision it has in mind and how it moves forward.• JAVA SPRING-based business logic design and development • REST API design and development • Work and development leadership• Development of a commercialization model for healthcare and sports industry recruitment services and advancement of usability • Development of psychological-based recruitment screening and coaching tests and advancement of usability • Development of functions related to bare run service operation[Tasks] • Develop servers required for operation and management of our services • Design and develop game servers and related protocols • Improve development process and deployment pipeline • Improve service stability and monitoring [Technology stack] • Typescript • NodeJS • ExpressJS • PostgreSQL • DynamoDB • AWS [Selection Procedure] • Document Screening - Interview - Final Success [Application Documents] • Resume/Career Introduction • (Optional) Portfolio• Develop customized solutions for B2B • Develop services for the Metaverse platform • Lead and operate the project server part[What kind of work will you do?] • Perform PL work • Service back-end development and operation • Scalable back-end API design and development • Existing service maintenance/repair＞ Development and maintenance of API servers for external services directly/indirectly related to blockchain ＞ Development and maintenance of API servers for websites used within the company- Development/operation/advancement of payment services or websites - Construction and operation of web-based systems according to business requirements - Automation of testing and distributionWhat opportunities are there? - You can play a central role in the backend part of OnVacation's development team! - We can create a fast-growing service together. - There are opportunities for stock options as the company further invests and grows. - You can grow together with the development team members and create OV’s own development team culture. - We do not insist on a set technology stack. Better technology is always welcome. You can learn and develop the new technology you want. - You can work with excellent and passionate colleagues. Even if you just drink a cup of coffee, you can talk about new technologies and service growth. This is how we work. - Everyone has English names. We aim for horizontal relationships. - We value agile. We do long-term planning, but we also do sprints on a weekly basis. We have a sprint meeting every Monday. - We conduct daily scrum through slack every morning. Share task progress and issue notifications. - All designers and engineers can participate in planning and provide opinions without a separate full-time planner. Rather than deciding on all the details at the time of planning, I prefer to make changes through quick implementation and frequent communication. - For task and issue management, notion and github are used. With Notion's sprint board, everyone decides and shares tasks through sprint meetings, and issues are registered and PR linked through GitHub. - We manage code versions and collaborate through Github. Automate many aspects using github actions. - We aim for maximum automation by building CICD such as github action jenkins graylog. - We focus on test automation. We strive to reduce human errors by automating as many tests as possible, such as unittest scenario tests. - Code push is managed through PR (pull request). We have a policy of merging into the branch when it passes automatic testing through peer review and github action. - The development infrastructure uses AWS. We also utilize other managed services. Joining journey - Document submission ＞ Technical interview ＞ Culture fit interview ＞ Treatment consultation ＞ Final acceptance and joining the company• Development and operation of SaaS solutions related to accommodation operation such as PMS CMS Booking engine • Development of OTA and commerce API integration • Operation of AWS-based DB environment • Web scraping• WEMIX 3.0 NILE platform development work • Development of new blockchain service API• Infrastructure design and management operation • Table Enjoy overall service design and development• Development of online conference webinar video sharing platform • Development of REST-API and service operation• AIA Vitality mobile app back-end service development and operation • Business requirements analysis and design (collaboration with stakeholders and work coordination) • AIA Vitality service monitoring and failure response (continuous review of failure points to derive improvements) • AIA Vitality mobile app operator (outsourcing) managementLead the architecture design of the IPFO system to ensure large-scale future scalability and stability Coordinate with stakeholders and lead engineers on mission-critical projects Analyze complex problems in-depth and derive intuitive solutions Develop the architecture of a large-scale multinational service system platform Test and deploy/launch Collaborate with multiple participating teams to make the platform open and scalable to provide innovative opportunities• Design and develop servers for the Ellis platform. • Planning/Operation/Development gather in one team and perform work quickly in two-week sprints. • Expand and improve the system to reliably handle continuously increasing traffic and meet complex business requirements. • We actively utilize the latest technologies to ensure that services operate quickly and reliably, and we define problems based on data from actual users and solve them quickly and flexibly. • Develop and enhance a WebSocket-based code editor that enables real-time collaboration. • Develop and enhance WebRTC-based video services. • Develop and enhance Linux container-based code execution services.[Recruitment Division] • System management platform and application development [Responsibilities] We are creating solutions that can quickly and easily handle complex R&D workloads. • Cloud/cluster-based system/application development • AI/DL model development management platform development - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -• Upgrading the platform created with Django REST framework • Applying the algorithm developed in-house to the created platform • Database/file/content management and migration• iCuka mobile app backend program development • Server system management and operation- Back-end design and development and operation of Real Buy service - Back-office system development - Server construction and operation in a cloud environment - Construction and operation of large amounts of real estate-related data - Development of new exchange creation and exchange API- Development and operation of web service backend in Node.js environment - Development of admin backend required for operation• Typecast backend development and operation • New feature scheduling and resource management • Management for colleague growth • Smooth collaboration with other teams for product growth • Research and application of better architectureㆍDevelopment of TousFlux (our solution) and advancement of services ㆍDevelopment of data collection/processing/analysis system ㆍAPI development and linking work ㆍDatabase design and construction ㆍOperation and improvement of data platform in GCP cloud environment[Job introduction] • Back-end maintenance and feature development of Someone in service • Performance and bug issue management and improvement • Infrastructure improvement [Main tasks] • Back-end maintenance and feature development • Performance and bug issue management and improvement • Cloud infrastructure such as AWS Improvement • DevOps Engineering [Selection Procedure] Document screening - Assignment screening - Face-to-face interview - Final acceptance * Assignment or interview screening may be added as the process progresses.ㆍ Oversight of HR Platform (HR system) development. ㆍ Project schedule management and team management ㆍ System/service ARCHITECT design (consideration of scalability and performance) ㆍ ERD design ㆍ Backend design and development while leading the development team ㆍ Spring Boot-based REST API development ㆍ Establishment of development standards Establishment of AWS infrastructure and installation of various SW Pre-development of main functions ㆍData analysis and reports ㆍTDD and QA [Development environment] ㆍJava Spring Boot Mysql ㆍAWS RDS or general RDB ㆍGit Confluence Jira, etc. ㆍDocker ㆍDevelopment environment can be changed after consultation [Salary level] 80~120 one million won• Web app SW backend development• Backend development and operation of Happy Block digital asset web service1. REST API design and development • Design and implementation of API protocol to implement functions within a website or app 2. System architecture design and maintenance • Deploy and manage container-based applications • Data modeling and optimization using RDB • Stable Issue monitoring and failure response for service operation 3. Operation automation • Various automation tasks to improve in-house work efficiency such as meeting planning/operation/management• Our solution and service back-end development • Administrator service back-end development and maintenance • REST API development and maintenance • Project analysis and design • Collaborative communication with development/planning/design practitioners • Service monitoring and maintenance[Main tasks] • Collaborate with planners and developers to design, build and operate a platform • Design and improve architecture to enable automation of scalability tests • Improve performance and strengthen security so that services can operate quickly and safely • Develop RESTful-based API[Main tasks] • The API used by Ant's main service LabNote is directly managed by a server in the TypeScript + Node.js + Express environment. • Develop and deploy back-end business logic based on Node.js. • We plan to directly develop services implemented through 3rd-party API integration. • Modularize the backend code and continuously improve and refactor its structure. • Review fellow developers’ code and conduct testing to ensure stability. [Recruitment Procedure] • Resume submission: We will contact you within a week of sending your resume to provide pre-assignment information and coordinate technical interview schedules. • Pre-assignment: After receiving assignments corresponding to your job type and experience, perform preliminary assignments before the technical interview. • Technical interview: The development manager and 2-3 developers participate to exchange questions based on resumes and portfolios and share technical opinions on preliminary tasks. • Culture interview: CEOs and team managers will participate to introduce Ant's team culture and collaboration methods and answer any questions you may have. • Announcement of results: Results will be announced within two weeks after the cultural interview is completed. Please note • In case of full-time employment, there is a 3-month fitting period.• Perform a senior role in the backend design/development project of a platform to be newly developed • Architectural design considering performance scalability and availability • Java/Kotlin & Spring Boot development guide • Provide mentoring/guidance on tech issues based on knowledge/experience Productivity and Contributes to increased efficiency• Development of dashboard and API for publishers • Development of advertising platform (Offerwall) • Development of new types of advertising products # Development environment Unity's Offerwall engineering organization is divided into San Francisco, Boston, London, and Seoul, and we are a team located in Seoul. We have approximately 20 product development staff working in Seoul, and you will work as part of a team of 3 to 5 people. The services our team develops are divided into services used by customers (game/app users) and services used by in-house employees. The backend consists of several microservices and is written in Ruby on Rails Elixir, etc. The direct data source is MySQL Couchbase MongoDB Redis and services run on AWS. We communicate with other in-house services through API or the above data sources. The front end mainly uses React / Redux. Depending on the project, TypeScript JavaScript is used, and most recent projects are written in TypeScript. Some legacy products also use CoffeeScript + Backbone.js. Each team member has a front-end/back-end specialty, but there are also engineers who do both. At the company-wide level, plans are made on an annual and quarterly basis (Q1 to Q4), and team work is carried out in two-week sprints. Use tools such as Jira Confluence GitHub Zoom Slack Figma. Through regular meetings and reviews, we plan the next sprint work and make up for any shortcomings. We have product managers, product designers, and engineers working together. From the beginning of product planning, you can actively come up with ideas regardless of your job category, and engineers' opinions are naturally reflected. We place importance on providing real value to product users and customers. Close collaboration between various job groups is also an important value pursued by the team. # What kind of work will you do? You will be responsible for improving and managing Tapjoy's existing services and adding new features. Here's an example of some of our recent work: • Develop new types of advertising products • Improve publisher dashboard # Work with us • Experience the culture of a Silicon Valley IT company. • The profit model of the product created by the team is clear. • We exchange feedback with our managers through regular 1:1 meetings. We strive to create a healthy team culture through 1:1 meetings. • The official languages ​​of the Seoul team are Korean and English. You will work with a manager whose native language is Korean. • We frequently collaborate with other regional teams via Zoom and Slack. • You can adjust your working hours flexibly in consultation with your manager. • Unity strives to promote diversity, equity, and inclusion in the organization, industry, and society. • The products I develop are used by countless people around the world. • Experience high volume traffic and have the opportunity to design new features. • Development schedule is reasonable. Schedule your work so you don't have to work overtime or on weekends. • Overnight development is not recommended. We prefer people who lead a regular life. • Offerwall’s new features are A/B tested and decisions are made based on data. • All code changes are reviewed using GitHub, and once the review is completed, they are tested on the canary server using our own deployment tool and then reflected in the overall service. • Monitor services using tools such as NewRelic SignalFx Sentry. • If possible, do not export code on Fridays. The code will not be exported even before the Lunar New Year, Chuseok, or Christmas holidays. • We are looking for someone who is meticulous, someone who is consistent, someone who can collaborate well with colleagues, and someone who can choose the best technology for the situation. • A team with trustworthy colleagues. # Selection process • Document review • Simple coding assignment • 1st interview (including 1 hour online coding) • Coding interview and team member interview (online or offline 1~2 times for 1~2 hours) • Director interview (online 1~2 hours)• Development of structured/unstructured data analysis system in the financial field such as stock price/finance/disclosure/theme/news • Development of analysis engine • Construction/management of financial database • Development of back-end API[Main tasks] - Mind Cafe Android/iOS app and web (• Crawling development (Python) • RESTFUL API design and development (Elastic Search Node.js, etc.) • Data pipeline (ETL) development and operation leading to data collection/processing/visualization* Appropriate tasks will be given among the work areas below. 1) Develop API/SaaS services based on image recognition AI technology. • Develop and operate a distributed processing system to reliably process large amounts of real-time inference work • Develop a backend for web services that customers can use conveniently • Container-based that can auto-scale workloads running on high-performance servers depending on load conditions Infrastructure construction 2) Develop an interactive service based on generative language model (LLM). • Develop and operate a serving system to dynamically manage language model prompts and stably inference • Develop and operate a distributed processing system to reliably process large amounts of real-time inference work • A service that can be used stably and comfortably by multiple users Back-end development recruitment process • Document screening, coding test, 1st working interview, 2nd executive interview, final pass • Coding test and interview schedule will be delivered via email.• Develop a basic server for 'Noting' book data management, search, alarm, etc. • Developing RestAPI using NestJS. • Design DB and operate AWS infrastructure.• Go Gin Fiber based backend development• Responsible for design and production of time series and multi-layer/complex data. • We develop and maintain agent software that produces performance information of infrastructure/applications/solutions.• Develop an admin dashboard platform for asset management • Establish an operation and distribution system to provide stable and continuous services• Develop the backend of the ‘Runway’ product. • Design and implement APIs for web-based applications. • Design and implement back-end systems for providing web services.**There are three main areas of food, clothing, and shelter Company's development products** 1. Laundrygo app & backend system for Laundrygo service users • We develop Laundrygo apps. Through the Laundrygo app, you can entrust your laundry and see it delivered after washing. • Develop and advance Laundrygo vouchers and payments. • The Laundrygo app has a product store. Develop the ability to display and purchase products. (Commerce) • Develop a back-office system for Laundry service managers. It manages content within the app and provides user promotion management and product management functions. 2. Laundry automation through smart factory system • Laundrygo is developing the world’s largest factory system. • You can experience the logistics system. We develop an automated system used in the entire process, including laundry collection and transportation, laundry receipt processing and inspection process, laundry delivery processing process, and laundry delivery and transportation. • The smart factory has more than 1000 Raspberry Pis and collects and processes data through IoT. • Use AI technology to make smart factories smarter. Smart factories aim for the highest level of automation. • We collect various data from users. Data is generated not only by users but also within the smart factory. Based on this data, the smart factory continuously improves automation efficiency. • Lundrygo is focused on DataPlay. 3. Development of Wellness & Eco-Friendly Lifestyle Commerce Service • <Wellness & Eco-Friendly Lifestyle Commerce>, a new business of Clothing, Clothing and Housing Company, focuses on individual health and happiness while maintaining balance with the environment and pursuing a sustainable lifestyle. This is a commerce platform for • We pursue sustainable production and distribution of products by considering environmental impacts not only when selling products, but also during production and delivery. • Through this, consumers can achieve personal happiness, practice sustainable consumption, and participate in efforts for a better future.• Development of back-end function for our web service (DatAmenity) [Recruitment procedure] • Document screening, 1st interview, 2nd interview, treatment consultation, final acceptance ※ Procedures may be subject to change.• Lever Xpert - Development and operation of Lever Expert solution (FastAPI) - Development and operation of back office and advertising operation tools (Django FastAPI) • Prism - Establishment of data pipeline and DL DW DM in AWS * Deployed team Depending on this, you will be in charge of one of the above products.· Abaek web service development (backend) · Responsible for distribution management of Abaek service · Receives service development issues and manages operational response · Implements and manages distribution of new influencer branding web page[This is what Java back-end developers do.] • The back-end developers of the member development team are in charge of member domains within the Wadiz service. • Membership service, which is a basic and important service, is responsible for and develops authentication/authorization, subscription, withdrawal, etc. • We are responsible for and develop services related to members, such as a friend recommendation service using the paid membership service GraphDB. • We also consider it important to improve service quality through design review/code review/technology sharing/performance improvement activities. [If you join, you can grow by experiencing these things.] • You can gain domain experience in various fields related to the various services provided by Wadiz. • You can experience and learn about authentication/authorization technologies such as OAuth2. • You can experience GraphDB being used to effectively use relationship information between members. • You can experience and use new technologies such as Kafka and AWS cloud environment.• Development and operation of Popcorn TV, Celeb TV and other linked TVs[Back-end developer] • Node.js-based backend business logic development and deployment• JFun's product (Mtect Emtect AI) backend development • Development of a common platform that constitutes JFun's Mtect • Data collection using Facebook Business SDK Shopee Cafe24 API • Open market data linkage and collection • Facebook Pixel data Analysis • Building future big data solutions- Development of the backend of the patient data-centered next-generation medical service 'Ontol' platform - Development of the Node.js-based backend API on the AWS cloud required for web mobile user services• Back-end architecture design and implementation • Web service development and operation • Outsourced development management• Daarabom service backend development• New project backend server design and development • AWS infrastructure management and security work • Code review and debugging collaboration • Individuals who continuously think and strive for performance optimizationㆍSI SW development work using industrial autonomous robot system ㆍInterface with various devices such as MES, WMS, MCS, WCS, PLC, etc. ㆍOn-site installation and stabilizationSeedronics artificial intelligence-based ship/port monitoring web/app service backend development[Our development team is structured like this] • R&D center = 1 development team + 2 development teams • Team 1 (composed of a total of 9 people) + 1 additional person being hired (deputy manager level) 1 team leader + 8 team members Scheduled to open in the second half of 2023 We are waiting for your support to serve you. [Work in progress] • Develop and operate honey jar management fee inquiry/payment, civil complaint, credit score, courier reservation, apartment news, electronic voting, voice broadcasting, in-app service, etc. [Additional plans and ongoing work in the second half of 2023] • Develop and operate Kkuldanji mobile tenant card, complex talk, monthly rent automatic transfer, parking control gate, etc.• Back-end development work for our Adeep SNS social media platform service • Development of services required for global platforms• Service back-end development and maintenance [Technologies used] ㆍPython django flask ㆍMysql MongoDB ㆍAWS ㆍGit• Development of an advertising operation system based on mass data analysis • Development of an API service to provide data as a result of analysis of collected source data • Development and operation of a real-time batch processing task module for data analysis and processing • Service management and monitoring• Using Node.js and Typescript, we will implement a codet API server and add features. • Implement an API server by linking data collected in relation to various laws and regulations with ELK. • You will configure and manage servers using various AWS services.• Develop a SaaS platform that helps digital transformation of operations in the logistics industry. • Participate in the design of architecture to handle large amounts of data reliably and efficiently. • Consider and implement measures to ensure the scalability and stability of the currently operating Willolog Saas platform. • Solve problems together and develop a solid SaaS platform service so that Willlog customers can use improved logistics management services.• Main tasks - Provide functions required for Daglo service through RESTful API (user authentication audio processing, derive dictation results, etc.) - Server stabilization, such as error handling and traffic control - Minimize service costs through system optimization • Technology used - Node.js - Google Firebase library - Google Cloud Platform - Docker - KubernetesSenior backend developers develop/maintain public API services across rental services. • Analyze new feature requirements for rental services and design/develop/launch API services. • Identify API/DB changes required according to service policy/function changes and plan/execute the changes. • Identify problem points from a performance perspective that arise as the service grows and suggest/implement improvement measures. • Design and implement an API-level user data/external product data collection pipeline to improve services. We would like to inform you about the current Tech Stack / work environment of Rentree Product Team. • Back-end: Spring Boot / MySql / MongoDB / Redis / Elastic Search / Mybatis • Front-end: React.js / React Native / Webpack / Next.js • Infra: AWS EC2 / Cloudfront / S3 / Lambda (edge) • Data Analysis / Service Monitoring: ELK Stack / GA4 / DataDog • Distribution/Configuration Management: Jenkins / git • Project Management: Confluence / Jira / Notion• We create and improve all aspects of financial platform services provided to users. • We are developing various areas required for user-related data logic and internal management of financial platform services. • RDB Redis MessageQueue is used based on the Python Django Framework, and for additional efficiency, other libraries such as FastAPI and Java language are used. • Kubernetes gitlab CI/CD GitOps is being used as a basis for efficient service deployment/management.• Development of Python Backend Server Application • Agile process-based development work method • Development of an efficient system that can respond to growing traffic • Development of Backend Server to provide API • Development and operation of RDBMS-based server application • Participation in code improvement and code review • Server infrastructure operation using AWS and Kubernetes (EKS)Service contents • Global HR/JOB Platform service main tasks • Platform service operation management solution backend system design • API design implementation required for front admin operation • Automation process design for system operation • Various real-time data collection processes Qualifications • More than 5 years of experience Person with hands-on experience in platform backend development • High understanding of the overall work process, including service ERD design and operation • Java Springboot (jpa security test, etc.) • Relational database such as Mysql • NoSQL for cache performance, such as Redis Mongo DB • Github Configuration management tools, etc. • Collaboration tools, such as Notion Jira Slack • Experience in AWS CI/CD cloud operating environment • Container-based resource operation (k8s ECS, etc.) • Able to communicate flexibly and proactively • Required: 4-year bachelor's degree (computer engineering or software) Engineering major)• In charge of domains such as commerce platform ordered products • Developing and operating business logic such as product display, order payment, PG linkage, claim statistics, settlement, promotion and delivery • Performance improvement for processing large amounts of traffic• Development/maintenance of PHP-based company platform (hybrid app) service • Construction and maintenance of AWS-based cloud server • Development of web/app service API and backend system • Deployment of IOS build using xcode• Development of products based on nuclear medicine imaging data • Development of nuclear medicine treatment algorithms • Maintenance of our products• Industrial digital twin development• Stabilization of processing system by collecting big data collected from vehicle IOT sensors • Development of vehicle control service maintenance • Development of new services using big data• ‘Artificial intelligence-based decision support system’ back-end development • ‘Satellite information service platform’ back-end development • ‘Satellite ground system’ back-end development- Develop back-end server and build infrastructure for the project to be operated or launched - Details of the operation project:• Development team general (leader) • Backend development practice • Pinocchio Lab’s Application AI Model Inference backend development • ML/DL inference server pipeline development • Existing service backend improvement and advancement• Develop and upgrade our own solutions • Build and operate solution-based shopping productsThe platform team is responsible for developing backend functions required for business AI services. We continuously improve and operate stably to provide better service to our customers. • Development and operation of a new business AI platformHandly developers play a critical role in creating service growth. Participate directly in service design and communicate with planners and designers to participate in decision-making. We are looking for someone to grow our product together. - Handly maintenance and advancement - REST API development for clients - Various service API integration - Backend logic implementation and database design management - Service creation in collaboration with planners and designers• Cloud-based web service backend development• Technical leading and support for developers • Meteorological and marine project and R&D development • Development team culture and process development• New development and maintenance of game content on the HTTP API server backend server • Design and implementation of service architecture in a cloud environment • Development of back-office tools related to linking and operation of domestic and foreign publisher platforms• New short-form service backend development • CMS (Content Management System)-based business platform development[This is the task you will take on if you join us!] - Web application backend development - Web application deployment and operation - Service server development- Development of backend of platform under development - Development of blockchain management system[Main tasks] • Development and maintenance of web services using frameworks (Lalavel) • Advancement of AWS cloud-based infrastructure operation and distribution • Diagnosis and improvement of service performance • Initial response and troubleshooting in case of technical failure [Selection procedure] Document screening ＞ Interview ＞ Final acceptance• Web3 platform and smart contract development and operation • Blockchain internal/external API development and external SDK integration • Blockchain trend technology analysis and implementation• Building and maintaining an LMS-based homepage • Community academy-type LMS project• Python Django PostgreSQL-based API server development • DB table design or optimization • Server maintenance and advancementResponsibilities - Advancement of Python-based AI solution using video data - Program development using Java or Node (Web) - Cloud-based Server Storage setting - Service DB construction and design - Service core logic design and advancement Main tasks • Our service ( Video production automation solution) and web-based program development • Cloud-based Server Storage settings • Service DB construction and design • Data management system construction • Service core logic design and advancement• We develop Chemi, a commerce web platform, and everything needed for Chemi. • All group members lead the entire process from the product development stage to creating hypotheses about the market, designing, developing, and verifying the product. • You will collaborate with relevant teams to identify and consider user needs, find solutions, and reflect them in the product.- Development of a scalable and stable backend for LOVO's various voice synthesis technology-based services - Development of a backend to reliably and reliably APIize the voice synthesis AI model - Cloud architecture development and management-︎ Development Team ︎ General Manager (Lead) - Backend development practice •︎︎ Python FastAPI proportion 90% •︎︎ Node.Js Express proportion 10% •︎︎ Write business logic using pandas numpy, etc. •︎︎ Write test code •︎︎ Data pipeline maintenance and new development (python) - Writing MongoDB queries (can use mongoengine, an ODM module) •︎︎ Currently using MongoDB Atlas (SaaS) •︎︎ Requires understanding of Network Routing •︎︎ Live service failure response (requires understanding of the entire system) - AWS infrastructure management •︎︎ Route53 •︎︎ Load Balancer •︎︎ EC2 instance •︎︎ S3 •︎︎ API Gateway •︎︎ Lambda •︎︎ Auto Scaling Group •︎︎ CloudWatch - Overall development management •︎︎ Agile Scrum method •︎︎ Every two weeks Conduct and distribute Sprint • ︎︎ Communicate with the planning team and design team to determine development feasibility and schedule, calculate what needs to be developed, and distribute work appropriately to each workforce ︎︎︎︎︎︎︎• Back-end area development • Affiliated with the head office research center • Coaching/leading the successor as a senior developer in an intermediate position on the development team- Development of API and infrastructure related to Pokit service• Code quality management (refactoring code review) • Service advancement • Infrastructure management and DevOps • Large-scale traffic response•System development/operation •SW architecture and API design •Back-office development management •Security management and back-end technology leading• Develop encryption/decryption for DB or API using its own encryption module for each OS (Linux/Unix Windows)• Platform service backend development • Advanced maintenance of our own services • Cloud infrastructure operation and management • Data management and log analysis[Required skills] • Big data engineering training course instructor - Python programming - Java programming (full stack implementation) - Linux - Database (SQL) - Machine learning / deep learning / image deep learning - Engineering (Hadoop Spark MapReduce, etc.) - MLOps ( Docker Kubernetes Kubeflow, etc.) • Artificial intelligence (natural language processing) training course - Python programming (full stack implementation) - Database (SQL) - Machine learning / deep learning / image deep learning / natural language deep learning - OpenCV • MSA-based backend training course - Java programming (full stack implementation) - Database (SQL) - Linux - Git - MSA - DevOps / Docker / Kubernetes- Develop blockchain nodes. - Developing Cross Chain Relayer.Work assignment - Lookco develops and operates one B2C mobile app platform (Acloset) and one B2B solution (Lookco AI). - We decide which product to develop based on each engineer’s preferences, team situation, and past experience. - Team transfer is open at any time. Main tasks - Development, operation and improvement of Golang-based backend system of Acloset mobile platform or Lookco AI B2B solution system - Construction of RESTful API through requirements analysis and testing - Application optimization for maximum speed and performance in products and services - Security and data protection implementation[Required skills] • Big data engineering training course instructor - Python programming - Java programming (full stack implementation) - Linux - Database (SQL) - Machine learning / deep learning / image deep learning - Engineering (Hadoop Spark MapReduce, etc.) - MLOps ( Docker Kubernetes Kubeflow, etc.) • Artificial intelligence (natural language processing) training course - Python programming (full stack implementation) - Database (SQL) - Machine learning / deep learning / image deep learning / natural language deep learning - OpenCV • MSA-based backend training course - Java programming (full stack implementation) - Database (SQL) - Linux - Git - MSA - DevOps / Docker / Kubernetes• Backend development- Establishment of a new business platform - Establishment of the CAT (Computer-Assisted Translation) Tool used in the translation industry on a web basis. - If you don't understand, it would be good to think of something like `Figma` or `GoogleDocs`! - We create a translation service platform that covers all stages from translation request to progress/inspection/delivery/payment.• Continuous improvement of Really search engine and price comparison • SEO work • Product and coupon crawler development • Backend system design/scaling considering both service stability and completeness • Identification, design and implementation of process improvements for data collection and testing • Internal data visualization and dashboard development- Recommendation system search system and API development - Application back-end API development - Response to application server issues - (For full stack) Vue.js Node.js【 This is what I do 】 Leading the successful operation of back-end training programs. 1. Set the direction of training and manage it so that training progresses according to schedule and plan. We ensure that the overall process from a to z, from training program opening/approval to training and operation, to employment, is carried out well. Provides detailed training program direction and milestones and motivates unit members participating in the program to achieve them well. 2. Manage content assignment projects. Content Team Collaborates with external partners to prepare content assignment projects that help students learn more efficiently and effectively, and continuously improves them based on feedback from students. 3. Prepare for good mentoring and special lectures. We hire mentors and special lecturers and prepare for high-quality mentoring and special lecture sessions. Feedback from students is accepted and managed so that better quality feedback from incumbents can be provided during training. 【Working in a team like this】 The Boot Camp Division is the team responsible for leading the growth of Codeit’s boot camp business. To ensure that Code It Boot Camp students start their careers successfully, we provide support in many ways and manage the boot camp to run smoothly. Code It Boot Camp not only provides premium quality educational content, but also has established several close management programs such as Daily/Weekly Mission and various project code review mentoring. In the future, Codeit plans to operate a variety of bootcamps, starting with the front-end engineer bootcamp, back-end engineer data science/AI product management, UI/UX design, marketing, and entrepreneurship. We work with people who are sincere in designing an exciting journey to achieve their employment goals by providing quality educational content and a great boot camp experience. Code It Boot Camp focuses on four main goals: • Admissions: Responsible for the overall process from promotion to acceptance to recruit boot camp students. • Education: To provide quality education, we think about good educational content and create daily/weekly missions and projects. • Career: We provide employment support to students so that they can have a successful career after completing the boot camp. • Administration: Responsible for various administrative and general affairs tasks that occur during the boot camp operation process. ‘Education PM’ aims for education together with ‘Community Manager’ and ‘Education Mentor’. We participate in the national business support process and manage the entire training schedule, curriculum, content, and assignment mentors so that Code It Boot Camp can provide a better training experience during actual training operations.DevTools provides decentralized finance/gaming DApps through blockchain-based solutions. We have a vision to solve the ‘usability’ and ‘scalability’ issues that are lacking in the blockchain industry. Based on our self-developed blockchain mainnet, we aim to innovate the industry so that anyone can easily enjoy decentralized financial and gaming services. We are waiting for you to expand the new web3 ecosystem with us • Develop data processing and various service APIs. • Develop cloud-based servers and services for exchange operations. • Develop blockchain-related app/web-based backend systems. • Develop blockchain mainnet core and applications.We develop to support the processing of events that occur in the backend of web-based energy sector-related services. We operate a Django Python-based service and mainly work on resolving speed issues in stabilizing the service and extracting statistical data from large amounts of data. Depending on the situation, we may utilize MSA or establish a DevOps environment to provide a better development environment. [Job content] - Development of a virtual power plant operating system using renewable energy - AWS-related service infrastructure management - System architecture configuration (MSA, etc.) - Junior developer mentoring and management - Service stability and performance improvement - DevOps configuration• Medihunter backend platform development • CI/CD pipeline construction and management • Other backend API construction required for MVP development• Java-based management system development (ERP CMS) • System development using e-government framework (eGov) • Public data open API development • Internal network communication and database construction through ESB• Develop and operate pharmaceutical supply chain platform service API and back-end system • Building a next-generation infrastructure platform to provide Zero Downtime services • Design and implement framework API to provide cloud native-based services• Leading new development projects related to online advertising systems • Designing requirements analysis systems and leading project teams[GUARDIONE MOTOR] Backend Engineers - Design and develop stable and scalable backend applications. - Develop REST API for edge IoT devices and web dashboards. - Write test code to keep it ready for release. - Review colleagues' code to spread knowledge within the team and maintain code quality. - Design DB (PostgreSQL) to handle data effectively and efficiently. - The DS ML algorithm, which can be said to be the core of the product, is integrated and applied. - Deploy and operate products in public cloud and on-premises environments.• Development of B2B platform (Web/App) service operation and management system • Advancement of IMS mobility platform service infrastructure architecture • Design and implementation of APIs required for clients and front-end• Back-end project and schedule management • Back-end infrastructure management • External service linkage management• Responsible for design and production of time series and multi-layer/complex data. • We develop and maintain agent software that produces performance information of infrastructure/applications/solutions.• Design, develop, test and operate all Amonds application APIs • Develop and operate services using NestJS framework • Re-architect services for MSA • Participate in all processes from service architecture design to release[GUARDIONE SUBSTATION] Backend Engineers - Design and develop stable and scalable backend applications. - Develop REST API for edge IoT devices and web dashboards. - Write test code to keep it ready for release. - Review colleagues' code to spread knowledge within the team and maintain code quality. - Design DB (PostgreSQL) to handle data effectively and efficiently. - The DS ML algorithm, which can be said to be the core of the product, is integrated and applied. - Deploy and operate products in public cloud and on-premises environments.[GUARDIONE TURBO] Backend Engineers - Design and develop stable and scalable backend applications. - Develop REST API for edge IoT devices and web dashboards. - Write test code to keep it ready for release. - Review colleagues' code to spread knowledge within the team and maintain code quality. - Design DB (PostgreSQL) to handle data effectively and efficiently. - The DS ML algorithm, which can be said to be the core of the product, is integrated and applied. - Deploy and operate products in public cloud and on-premises environments.ㆍ Oversight of HR Platform (HR system) development. ㆍBack-end design and API development while leading the development team ㆍCollaboration with planners and designers ㆍBack-end design and development while leading the development team ㆍService architecture design and data modeling ㆍSpring Boot-based REST API development ㆍEstablishment of development standards Establishment of AWS infrastructure and various SW Pre-development of installation main features [Development environment] ㆍJava Spring Boot Mysql ㆍAWS RDS ㆍGit Confluence Jira, etc. ㆍDocker ㆍDevelopment environment can be changed after consultation [Salary level] Basic KRW 80-120 million Incentive stock options 4 insurances separate [Education background ] Bachelor's degree or higher (4 years) Bachelor's degree in Computer Engineering or Software Engineering or related field [Experience] 7 years of Java development experience ㆍMore than 7 years of experience developing service b2c platform in Java ㆍExperience in data architecture/API design/framework construction ㆍDB logical design /Physical design/implementation/operation ㆍExperience in program logic development ㆍPayment function filter matching function ㆍExperience in developing B2C commercial service platform ㆍAWS RDS Codecommit Jenkis (CI/CD) More than 3 years of ECS development and server operation experience.ㆍDevelopment of integrated settlement solution backend API ㆍLarge-capacity data processingAs a JAVA backend developer, you will perform the following missions. • Server program development for Windows POS client • Server program development for store management solutions such as KIOSK table order merchant app • Server program development for admin web application • AWS cloud operation and management• Server management and DB (MS-SQL My-SQL) design • APM environment development • JSP server and DBMS • Creation of development documents and API documents • In-house/outsourced project support and development collaboration • Can choose between JSP and PHP • Use of data structure algorithm Major language frameworks • Backend: Java PHP • Frontend: JSP PHP• Develop and improve our own microservices • Develop APIs required for our services • CI/CD DevOps • Service introduction, server configuration, technology stack, team culture, etc. For further details, please refer to the link below1. Establishment of technology roadmap • Presentation of technology direction based on understanding of the company's business • Establishment and management of technology roadmap in line with company vision and business milestones • Representation of the technology department in establishing the company's strategy and recruiting/manpower management Presentation 2. Implementation of engineering excellence • Securing system stability and scalability in line with rapid platform growth • Maintaining an evolving architecture by introducing the latest technology • Providing a healthy development culture through the development team's technical direction and code reviews [Munto Technology Stack] ] • Frontend: HTML5 SCSS jQuery Parcel • Backend: Node.js NestJS Prisma • DB: Postgresql Redis • Infrastructure: AWS EC2 ECS S3 CloudFront RDS Lambda • Code management: GitHubㆍPHP-based platform development and maintenance ㆍNew homepage creation and back-end programming and API integration ㆍA system that uses AI to analyze virtual asset price differences in various transactions in real time, detect arbitrage opportunities, and execute automatic transactions develop• Responsible for the main back-office system, continuous development and improvement, and optimal application design and construction • Operation and management of overall functions such as product catalog price management, order/delivery metadata, etc. • Operation and management of related systems such as image processor, delivery tracker, log processor, and monitoring system • Data structure design and management considering data flow between systems • Architectural design for large-scale data Establishment of monitoring system and performance improvement • Scale-out/up response that contributes to productivity by improving operational inefficiencies [Basic server and data management] • AWS AMI CentOS Linux-based systems such as • MariaDB MongoDB Redis ElasticSearch [BALAAN HUB screen and logic development] • SPA development using bootstrap-vue + Vue.js template • Backend development using Node.js express [BALAAN HUB and partner API logic development] • API development and document provision using Node.js express + apidoc [Queue image processor, log processor, monitoring system extension management] • Node.js BeeQueue RedisQueue • Image processor composed of sharp imagemagick + lambda • Elasticsearch through logstash's own log processing tool Log data collection [Technology stack] • Balan Mall - Front: plain css&jquery ejs - Backend: Node.js 14 MongoDB Redis MariaDB AWS S3 • Back office: Node.js 14 Vue.js Bootstrap-Vue Nuxt.js MongoDB Redis MariaDB AWS S3 • Search engine: Elasticsearch • Analysis: Google Analytics • Code management: Github BitBucket • IDE: WebStorm PHPStorm Intellij IDEA PyCharm • Tools: NoSQL Booster Heidisql Xshell WinMerge Medis Postman • Communication: Slack Notion Confluence Jira Service Desk • Monitoring: CloudWatch Opsnow Self-monitoring tools• Stable and scalable service design and operation • REST API development to provide service functions • Communication and collaboration with various business personnel • Creation of unit/functional test code• Responsible for design/programming of chat-type game server SaaS. • Responsible for designing/programming room-type game server SaaS. • Responsible for designing/programming world-type game server SaaS. • Operates AWS-centric infrastructure.- Floating app service backend and infrastructure• Senior developer • Backend development practice • Pinocchio Lab’s Application AI Model Inference backend development • ML /DL inference server pipeline development • Existing service backend improvement and advancement• Server design considering the Crea Trip product and business purpose • Technical leading of the Crea Trip product backend • Leading of the Crea Trip product backend engineer members • Implementation of business logic required for the Crea Trip product• Develop and improve product journeys to provide the best financial experience. • We develop and service with Microservice architecture in a containerized environment. • Create a standard for financial architecture by utilizing various services in a 100% AWS cloud environment. • Responsible for building, testing, and distributing product functions that require strict accuracy and scalability. • Build a Business Data Lake to develop a credit rating system that no one can access.ㆍ Web application server development ㆍ Own service (Medical AI platform) and server API developmentrequirement• More than 1 year of service development and operation experience • Deep understanding of the technologies and environments used • Experience in backend application development using Kotlin Spring Boot • Experience in using Spring Data Spring Batch • Experience in using various services in AWS • In the Kubernetes environment Experienced in development and operation • Experienced in responding to Infra Application failures • Experienced in load testing application & query tuning • Person who writes meaningful test code to define requirements and ensure system stability • Acquire knowledge through implementation and experimentation, not stopping at searching and recording • A person who thinks about various strategies to achieve goals and prepares for failure • A person with experience contributing to the development of the development environment and organizational culture • A person who automates repetitive tasks • An organization that sets reasonable standards for selecting a technology stack Those who choose according to their situation• Those with experience in backend development based on at least one language such as Java/Python/Node.js/C# • Those with experience in Spring or other web frameworks • Those with experience in design and development of RESTful API • Person with collaboration experience using a configuration management system • Person with understanding of basic CS knowledge (DB network, etc.)• Backend development experience using Java • Basic understanding of RDBMS or NoSQL • Collaboration experience using Git【We're looking for someone like this!】 • A person with experience developing using one or more languages ​​such as Python, Kotlin, and Java • A person who can consider various solutions for a given problem and make the best choice • A person who can communicate smoothly with team members People who have experience thinking about and developing themselves • People who can proactively discover and analyze problems and propose solutions rather than simply carrying out the given development• Those with experience developing servers using one or more of Spring (Java/Kotlin), Rails, Node.js, and Django Flask. • Those who enjoy expressing opinions freely and engaging in intellectually honest discussions.• More than 1 year of Spring boot experience • Those who enjoy finding and solving problems • Those who feel proud when people use the apps they created • Those who want to create a development culture together in a growing company • Actively read development-related documents and those who can easily acquire knowledge • Experienced with AWS Git • Those who do not find it difficult to explain their code to others• Any educational background/major • Those with more than 3 years of Java or Kotlin backend development experience • Those with experience handling large volumes of traffic • Those with experience in RESTful API design, development and operation • Experience in web service development and operation on the Linux platform • A person who can communicate smoothly with other job groups • A person with an open mind about code reviews • A person who likes development itself and believes in growing together with colleagues in the process [Required Competencies] • Take initiative with a sense of goal Ability to pursue work • A mindset to view situations and tasks from a positive perspective • A broad perspective that can be viewed from a diverse and integrated perspective • A cooperative mindset that allows collaboration with various related departments/related parties • Based on understanding and respect Flexible communication skills • Active and proactive problem-solving skills [assignments and tests] • Coding tests and code reviews during working-level/leader interviews• Those with more than 3 years of back-end application development experience • Those with experience developing functions using Java • Those with an understanding of architectural design • Those with experience establishing and executing hypotheses to solve potential problems • Real-time People with an understanding of traffic processing and distributed systems • People who can communicate smoothly with related departments such as PO, BPO, UI/UX, etc. • People who want to create a successful experience along with the growth of Olive Young• Those with more than 3 years of development experience or equivalent experience • Those skilled in Java/Spring projects • Those who enjoy defining and solving problems • Those who do not have difficulty communicating with non-development workers • JPA / Mysql / Redis / Git / Docker • Experience in commercial service development and maintenance• Those who think user-centered and apply it to product development • Those who proactively try to create better products • Those with expertise in object-oriented languages ​​such as Java or Kotlin • REST API based on Java/Spring Boot/JPA Those with experience in server development • Those with experience creating services using RDB/NoSQL • Those who enjoy the process of collaborating with colleagues in various positions such as Software Engineer, Product Owner, Product Designer, etc. to achieve a common goal • 3 years A person with 7 years of backend development experience• Those with experience developing servers using one or more of Spring (Java/Kotlin), Rails, Node.js, and Django Flask. • Those who enjoy expressing opinions freely and engaging in intellectually honest discussions.• More than 2 years of experience in server development (back-end) development • Experience in application development using Java / Spring-boot / JPA / MyBatis • Experience in RDBMS such as Mysql / MariaDB • Interested in writing unit test integration test code • Those who are interested in basic HTTP operations • Experience with Micro Service Architecture• Those with more than 3 years of relevant experience or equivalent skills • Those with an understanding of back-end development • Those with experience using cloud services (AWS) • Those with experience developing RDBMS (MySQL) and NoSQL • HTTP RESTful API Those with experience in design and service development • Those who can lead projects • Those who continually strive for their own growth and service improvement • Those who value team collaboration • Any level of education or major Use skills • Node.js (Typescript) • Mysql/MongoDB/Redis/DynamoDB • Elastic Search• Development experience of 4 years or less • Junior with Spring Boot-based server development capabilities • Experience using Linux and RDBMS • Experience developing Rest API• More than 3 years of Spring Framework project experience using Java or equivalent development capabilities - Individual project school/academy training periods are not considered experience. • Capability to do ERD modeling based on understanding of RDBMS (MySQL, etc.) • Understanding of Restful API and experience developing and operating an app service API server • Understanding of and experience using JPA • Through communication with related departments Work experience• More than 1 year of practical experience as a Node.js backend developer • More than 1 year of practical experience designing and building relational databases • More than 1 year of experience operating and improving services with multiple members • Basic understanding of HTTP communication REST API design and Development capabilities • Ability to manage code configuration within Git flow strategy • Attitude to think from the customer’s perspective and actively reflect this in product improvement • Positive thinking and smooth communication skills with members- Education: College graduate or higher - Flexible thinking and smooth communication skills based on respect - A person with smooth communication and a proactive and persistent attitude• Those who know how to use DB (Postgress) using TypeORM • Those who know how to use Express.js or Nest.js • Those who have a conceptual understanding of graphql and can actually develop CRUD • Those who are active in communication • People with experience collaborating with other departments • People with experience in ERD design[Looking for people with this experience] • Those with experience developing web applications • Those with experience developing web applications in the Spring Framework environment • Those with experience designing/developing/performance optimization of web services • Solving problems from a variety of perspectives Those who can: • Have an understanding of AWS services to handle traffic peaks • Have experience designing and developing HTTP (RESTful) APIs • Have experience developing/operating using RDBMS • Experience complex domains and requirements A person who can abstract and put it into code• A person with more than 3 years of development using the Spring/Spring Boot framework • A person with a deep understanding of RDB and experience in troubleshooting • A person who is interested in solving domain problems and implementing them • Will and desire to grow • Someone with experience developing web applications using AWS • Someone with service-oriented thinking and flexible communication capabilities• Any educational background • Any major • Those with more than 3 years of Java or Kotlin backend development experience • Those with experience handling large volumes of traffic • Those with experience in RESTful API design, development and operation • Experience in web service development and operation on the Linux platform One person • A person who can communicate smoothly with other job groups • A person with an open mind about code reviews • A person who likes development itself and believes in growing together with colleagues in the process [Required Competencies] • Driven with a sense of purpose Ability to drive work forward • A mindset that looks at situations and tasks from a positive perspective • A broad perspective that can be viewed from a diverse and integrated perspective • A cooperative mindset that allows collaboration with various related departments and external stakeholders • Flexible and Effective communication skills • Active/proactive problem-solving skills [Tasks and tests] • Coding tests and code reviews during working-level/leader interviews - Review your own project code and write code through questions, etc.• Java proficiency (based on JDK 1.8) • SQL proficiency • Spring (Boot) Framework experience • GIT experience[We are looking for someone like this] • 2+ years of backend development/operation experience • Someone who is not satisfied with simply running it and strives to write better code • Someone who enjoys learning new things • Knowledgeable about a specific language or framework People who feel joy in developing products/services without restrictions• More than 3 years of server and backend development experience • Experience developing RESTful services in Java (1.8 or higher) / Springboot environment • Understanding of RDMBS such as MySQL / MSSQL / Aurora • Experience using and operating AWS • Using Git Git-flow Experience in source version management • Experience in building and collaborating with agile products using Jira, etc. • Experience in maintaining new services from building new services to improving functionality • Experience in co-working between web views within hybrid apps and the web- Possess basic CS knowledge - Experience in developing Spring Boot backend services - Experience in linking with various platform services - Experience in developing and operating database design suitable for services - Experience in developing in a cloud environment - Applicable to those expected to graduate from undergraduate school● General understanding of backend development ● Ability to understand requirements and develop a structure that is easy to maintain ● Bachelor's degree or higher in a related department if new to less than 2 years of experience ● Educational background irrelevant if you have more than 3 years of experience- Those with excellent language adaptability - DataBase Query Stored Procedure Function - Redis Git• Those with more than 3 years of operation/development experience in the relevant field • Those with experience developing web services based on Java Spring Framework • Those with experience designing/implementing Restful API- More than 2 years or equivalent back-end service development and operation experience - Experience participating in development using at least one language, such as Java Golang, or someone who is interested in studying the language - Internet service development such as ORM certification Restful API Experience - A person who communicates well with colleagues and values ​​teamwork - Experience using databases such as MySQL or Maria - Communication skills to actively communicate with team members from other positions - Explain the development project in charge to other team members who can do it• Those who are proficient in at least one language, either Java 11 or higher or Kotlin • Those who can develop RDBMS-linked backends through Spring Boot + JPA • Those who actively communicate with colleagues and have a high sense of responsibility • Think about the essence of the problem and come up with a fundamental solution People who constantly strive to find • People with between 5 and 9 years of server development experienceWe are looking for someone with this experience and capabilities. - Those with more than 1 year of relevant experience - Those with hands-on experience with java/kotlin/spring - Those with an understanding of RDBMS data design such as MySQL - Those with a strong interest in writing test code to improve code quality Those who are not afraid of learning a programming language and have the ability to learn quickly. We are looking for applications from those who meet at least one of the four criteria above. Documents to be submitted - Korean resume and self-introduction - Portfolio (optional) Selection procedure - Document screening → Personality test → Technical assignment → 1st interview (practical) → 2nd interview → Final acceptance and treatment consultation- A person with at least 3 years of Java/Spring-based backend development experience (or an equivalent level of understanding) - A person who can solve problems by appropriately utilizing data structure algorithms - Able to communicate with colleagues and develop the team and product together - Those who can do so - Those who have at least one year of full-stack service development experience (or those with equivalent understanding) - Those who can solve problems by appropriately utilizing data structure algorithms - Those who properly understand and are proficient in Javascript People who use it - People who have understanding and experience with Cloud Infrastructure (AWS) - People who can communicate with colleagues and develop the team and product together＜ Enrise is looking for such a person ＞ • A person with more than 3 years of back-end development experience or equivalent capabilities • A person with at least one programming language that they are confident in, such as Python, Kotlin, and Java • Understand the characteristics of RDBMS and have the ability to query Those who can configure • Those who think about business impact and look at problems from the customer's perspective • Those who aim for highly scalable design and implementation to resolve technical debt • Those who can find and improve problems in services and infrastructure • A person who actively and proactively communicates with colleagues to solve problems■ We are looking for people like this • 4-year computer major • Those who are interested in development and can study and grow together • Those who can communicate smoothly ■ Personal development is the development of ITIG ITIG’s corporate research center provides study and training for personal growth We do not spare any support. Ambitious people who want to start a new life are welcome!• Front-end: 4+ years of experience • Back-end: 3+ years of experience[Qualification Requirements] 1. A person with more than 2 years of web application development and operation experience, or someone with equivalent capabilities 2. A person who is not reluctant to learn new things 3. Experience in managing source code versions and using remote repositories using Github 4. Those who have experience developing and deploying and operating applications in the AWS environment• Java back-end development practical experience required (3 to 15 years) • A person who can persistently analyze and understand complex business logic • Experience in e-commerce platform development• 3+ years of experience • Experience in Spring Framework-based development[We are looking for people with this experience.] • Those with more than 5 years of experience developing using the Java Spring Framework • Those with experience in web service design/development/performance optimization • Those with experience in automating build test distribution • Those with experience using ORMs such as JPA Hibernate and domain modeling[Experience] • More than 7 years of backend development experience [Required Competencies] • More than 3 years of Java-based server development experience • Experience developing web services based on Spring Framework (boot batch JPA, etc.) • Deep understanding and development experience of RESTful API • PostgreSQL or similar RDBMS DB modeling# We are using this technology. - Spring Boot Kotlin Java Python - MyBatis MySQL - AWS Docker # I'm looking for someone like this. - Those with more than 3 years of development experience or equivalent skills - Those who are proficient in one or more programming languages ​​and frameworks - Those who can objectively compare the pros and cons of legacy and new technologies - Those who have no difficulty communicating with colleagues on the development team - Those who can proactively solve problems and share them clearly - Those who are active in technological growth and enjoy development- More than 2 years of backend development experience - Experience developing web applications using Java Springboot - Experience developing MVC RESTful API - Experienced in RDBMS design NoSql ※ Development environment - Language used: Java - Main library: Spring framework mybatis - Work tools: Git vscode intellij, etc.• Those with RDBMS data modeling experience and proficiency in SQL writing • Those with more than 4 years of experience in Java Spring Framework-based web service backend development • Those with experience in web services such as JPA• Understanding and implementation experience of RESTful API • Possess understanding of RDBMS MemoryCache• Those with more than 1 year of experience developing/operating web applications using Web Framework (Django Spring Boot, etc.) • Those who are interested in credit flow (loan investment repayment) and solving problems in the market • A person who can improve customer experience by presenting technology-based solutions to problems experienced by users • A person who has ownership of the service in charge • A person who can constantly think about the architecture appropriate for the service • An understanding of RDMS and Transaction • Those with an understanding of REST API design• A person who can communicate smoothly with people from various job groups • A person with an understanding of Data Structure / Algorithm • A person with an understanding of OOP (Object Oriented Programming) • A person with experience in Java Spring • A person with knowledge of Linux OS Those with basic knowledge • Those with Git-based collaboration experience • Infrastructure: AWS EC2 RDS S3 GCP Infra• New employee and less than 4 years of related experience • Ability to develop Java/Spring Framework • Experienced in DBMS Data Structure design- Experience with backend frameworks (express, etc.) - Experience using Typescript - Experience managing infrastructure with AWS - Experience managing Git projects• Those with experience developing commercialized web/app service backends • Those with extensive development experience using the Java Springboot Framework • Those with experience using MySQL MariaDB • Those who are active and active in new technologies • Those who are proactive in collaboration and flexible in communication A person who is good at it• Node.js backend development and operation experience (Node.js 14.x ~ 16.x pm2) • Experience using various AWS services (ec2 s3 cloudfront rds, etc.) • Linux basic management (basic commands, shell scripts, etc.) • Git Collaboration experience through • External API integration experience / RESTful service development experience • Screen development experience using html, css, js, etc. and templates (bootstrap, etc.) • Experience participating from service design to development and operation• Experienced in web application development and operation, with at least 5 years of practical experience or equivalent capabilities • Individuals with specialty capabilities in one of various languages ​​such as Java / Node / Python • Emphasize the horizontal structure between colleagues and express opinions A person who has no hesitation in doing things and has good communication skills to collaborate with various teams • A person with a challenging spirit who is not afraid of trying new things and failing- Those who have experience in achieving something with an unusual level of passion (work, study, hobbies, etc.) - Computer engineering major (or possess equivalent knowledge) - Backend development capabilities using Go or more than one language - Self Possess a proactive work style and logical communication skills - Newcomers or those with less than 5 years of experience (junior) - Those who are not disqualified from traveling abroad - Can become new/changed professional research personnel• A person with more than 3 years of development using the Spring/Spring Boot framework using Java/Kotlin • A person with a deep understanding of RDB (MySQL) and experience in troubleshooting • A person who is interested in solving domain problems and is able to execute it Person • Experience using Git with multiple team memberso More than 3 years of Java-based web service development experience o Deep understanding and experience of frameworks such as Spring framework / Spring Boot o Experience in designing and utilizing database (MySQL, PostgreSQL or Oracle, etc.) schema o Experience with ORM such as Hibernate / JPA o RESTful API Development experience o Deep understanding of Spring Security and OAuth2 JWT development experience- At least 2 years of work experience as a JAVA/Kotlin Backend Engineer based on Spring framework - Experience developing and operating a Restful API backend server - Computer engineering degree or equivalent experience - Backend system in a Docker/Kubernetes-based container environment A person with experience building and operating• Spring MVC-based API development/maintenance experience (2+ years of experience) • A person who is proficient in RDBMS such as MariaDB, MySQL, and PostgreSQL • Backend design experience (API DB) • Sufficient knowledge and experience in the web service development environment ( Apache Tomcat Https, etc.) • Able to communicate smoothly • Experience in RESTful API development • Experience in version management using Git• Those with more than 2 years of Kotlin experience or equivalent skills • Those with a deep understanding of object-oriented programming • Those with a deep understanding of Spring Framework (Spring Boot), including Spring Security JPA • Those with experience in designing and developing Restful APIs • Those with experience in database (MySQL) design and management • Those with experience in configuration management using Git • Those with experience in code reviews with team members • Those with experience operating commercial services • Those with self-directed problem-solving skills Anyone who has- Those with a computer engineering major or equivalent expertise - Those with expertise in one or more programming languages ​​such as Kotlin/Java/C# - Those with experience operating cloud-based services such as AWS GCP - OOP FP Clean Code Clean Architecture Testing, etc. Those who are interested in engineering capabilities - Those who understand how RESTful APIs work and are able to develop in conjunction with servers - Those who want to constantly take on technical challenges by sharing insights gained while developing services with team members - Continuous training for performance optimization Someone who can make an effort• We are looking for someone with experience developing software based on Java/Kotlin/Spring/JPA. • We are looking for someone with basic knowledge of data structures. • We are looking for people who are interested in experiencing one cycle of a project (from service design to construction and release). • We are looking for someone who understands and has thought about development culture.- Those with more than 3 years of backend development experience - Those with Spring Boot Spring Framework experience - Those with Java 8+ SQL skills - Those with basic knowledge of databases - Those with knowledge of computer engineering - Continuing to follow technological trends If you are interested• Those with at least 3 years of back-end development experience • Those proficient in the Java language • Those with experience developing/operating Spring Boot-based projects serviced to actual customers • Those with experience operating RDBMS NoSQL databases • Docker-based development environment Those who are familiar with • Those who are skilled in collaboration and code management through Git • Those who have no difficulty communicating smoothly with all organizations in the company, including development, sales, planning, and design• 2+ years of back-end development or modeling experience • University-level knowledge of mathematical statistics and algorithms• Experience in Python server development • Understanding of Docker • Understanding of GIT• Possess Python programming skills • Experience using FastAPI Flask web framework • Experience using various Python modules (file DB, etc.) • Smooth collaboration with front developers• A person with an understanding of algorithms and data structures • A person with the ability to learn quickly • A person who sympathizes with Codeit’s vision and has smooth communication skills- A person with more than 3 years of web back-end development experience - A person who understands the Java spring framework and can develop it proficiently - A person who can install and operate WAS and WebServer in a Linux environment - A person with design capabilities for commonization/modularization/automation - Those with RDBMS (mysql, mssql, etc.) experience - Those with a high understanding of RESTful API (some requirements holders can also apply)• Experience: Fresher • Experience building Node.js-based backend • Experience with AWS • Experience with CI/CD through GitHub• SPRING Boot-based JAVA developer • Those who are interested in optimized development of their own solutions and conversion to future solution-based services • Those who are interested in configuring application and system architecture• Able to develop Language 1. java or 2. Kotlin • Able to develop Framwork 1. spring boot3.x 2. spring security 3. queryDSL 5.x 4. kotest mockk • More than 3 years of development experience• Those who can develop Kotlin / SpringBoot • Those who can develop MySQL JPA • Those who have development/operation experience in AWS environment • Those who have experience developing HTTP Restful API • Those who have experience collaborating with Github / Gitlab / Bitbucket • Payment through PG company Those with relevant development experience • Those with the ability to collaborate with various job groups such as planning, design, development and operations • Those with experience in developing and operating high-capacity traffic environments“If you are familiar with JAVA and Spring Boot, you can start developing with us.” 【People who make development beautiful】 If you have been developing for a long time, what makes development beautiful is different for each person, but in my case as a recruiter, the meaning is clear, easy to read, exception handling is structured, and the optimized code looks beautiful. I want to work with someone who has or will create his own development philosophy. 【Developers well-versed in the main development language】 We use the JAVA language, but we know that developers who are well-versed in one language can easily adopt other languages. Even if JAVA is somewhat lacking, developers who are familiar with their main development language can work with us. 【People who make the most of each day】 After understanding the entire system, you must be able to find your own tasks and express each day's development work units separately. However, this work will be done together as a team so you won't be alone.• Those with more than 2 years of product backend development experience • Those who can communicate smoothly with other departments • Those with experience designing/implementing GraphQL or Restful API • Those with experience using PostgreSQL I attach great importance to it. I think it will be of great benefit to those who want to build a server from the beginning.• More than 3 years of server development experience • Experience designing database model applications/infrastructure architecture • Experience using and operating clouds such as AWS • Experience using ORM RDB Key-Value Store• Those with 4 years of backend development or equivalent capabilities • Those able to develop web services using Springboot (Java/Kotlin) • Those with a high understanding of DB design, application, and utilization • Easy to maintain and expand Those who have an endless desire to design code where possible • Those who are interested in new technologies and continuously learn on their own • Those who communicate smoothly based on positive thinking and a sense of responsibility• Those with more than 3 years of practical experience • Those with experience developing Java Spring or Spring boot • Those with an understanding of large-scale service development using RDBMS • Those with an understanding of base systems using Cloud Service • Those with an understanding of Restful API Anyone with an understanding of• Those with less than 3 years of back-end experience • Those with a bachelor's degree or higher in computer engineering or a related major • Those with experience developing web applications using Python • Those with experience with RDBMS such as PostgreSQL • Those with experience using basic Linux/Unix commands • Anyone with experience with a version control system such as Git- Experienced in designing/operating highly available, scalable systems - Experienced in developing systems that handle large-scale real-time traffic - Experienced in Node.js Typescript-based development - Enjoying a mission-critical service operation environment with a high sense of responsibility A person who can create a solid service together - a person who makes continuous efforts to optimize performance and automate operations• We are looking for someone with more than 3 years of development experience or equivalent capabilities. • We are looking for someone with experience using web frameworks (Django Spring, etc.) and RDBMS. • We are looking for someone who takes the initiative to create work and lead responsibly. • We are looking for someone who can define problems and find solutions together with other professionals.• Those with more than 2 years of practical experience in Java Spring Boot backend development and operation • Those with experience in RESTful API design and development • Those with the ability to use relational databases (MySQL, etc.) and JPA • Those with experience using or related to NoSQL, such as Redis MongoDB, according to the situation Person with knowledge • Experience in performance improvement optimization and troubleshooting • Experience in development and deployment in cloud environments such as AWS and ability to collaborate through Git• Education: College graduate or higher • Department: Computer systems engineering major • Experience: 5 years or more • Intermediate developer or higher• Experience: Those with more than 3 years of service development experience or equivalent capabilities • Those with Java 8 or higher/Spring Boot 2.x or higher/JPA-based development experience • Those with experience using RDBMS-based databases • Those with experience developing REST APIs • Those who want to quickly apply new technologies and continuously grow • Those with logical and systematic problem-solving skills and smooth communication skills- Those with an associate's degree or higher - Those with experience developing Java-based systems - Those with S/W design capabilities - Those with web service and API development design capabilities- Experience: More than 1 year of experience (more than 1 year of employment at one company)[Looking for such colleagues] • Those with experience developing servers using Nest.js & Typescript in the field • Those with understanding of REST API & GraphQL • Those with experience using MySQL or other RDBMS • Contanier-based cloud services ( People with experience building and operating services using (AWS Azure GCP, etc.) • People with experience building CI/CD • People who strive for better results without settling for the presentO2Plus is recruiting these people: • Those with more than 2 years of experience developing services based on the SpringBoot framework • Those with ORM (JPA Hibernate)-based development capabilities • Those with RDBMS (MySQL, etc.)-based SQL development capabilities • Those skilled in version management through Git • Those with an understanding of the cloud computing (AWS NCloud GCP) environment[These conditions are required.] • More than 5 years of development experience using JAVA or PHP • Practical experience in design and operation of one or more types of RDBMS • Practical experience in team collaboration projects utilizing Git [Technology stack/tool] Spring Java PHP Git Docker JavaScript MySQLWaddle is looking for someone like this: • A person with the ability to develop a backend server that provides a REST API using FastAPI Flask • A person who is proficient in using AWS EC2 S3 RDS Lambda services • Experience designing or deploying servers for SaaS products It's even better if you have one. Waddle uses the following development stack. • Python 3.10. Fast API Flask PyTorch • AWS EC2 ELB ASG API Gateway RDS Lambda• We need someone with a bachelor's degree or higher in computer science or a similar field (computation, electronics, mathematics, etc.) or equivalent capabilities. • We need someone with more than 3 years of experience operating a service with Python (django / flask / fastapi, etc.). • Anyone with experience developing and operating using Java SpringBoot is also welcome.• A person who can develop in a back-end (Java17-JPA Python3-FastAPI) development environment • A person who understands and can develop in ES6+ • A person who is not averse to code review• Education: Any • Experience: 3+ years of backend development (or equivalent) • Experience developing web applications using node.js • Experience using cloud services such as AWS • Experience with understanding and knowledge of HTTP and RESTful • RDBMS NoSQL system Relevant development experience • Experience using distributed version management systems such as Git• Experience in formulating and executing hypotheses to solve known or potential problems • Someone who likes new challenges • More than 6 years of back-end application development experience • Basic understanding of multiple programming languages ​​and environments • Experience in real-time traffic processing and distributed systems understanding of• A person who can develop and maintain B2C services based on Python 3. • Those who are more suited to collaboration than individual performance and have a system-friendly mindset and mindset • Those who are interested in new technologies and have a high ability to accept change ※Engineer recruitment requires a technical task screening (code test) before the interview there is.• Those with more than 3 years of back-end work experience • Those skilled in Java or Node.js development • Those with experience designing database (MySQL) structures and writing queries • Those with experience using AWS public cloud • Development using messaging services Those with experience or knowledge • Those with extensive understanding and experience in diagnosing and solving problems • Those who can actively communicate or exchange opinions with colleagues on any matter • Those with no disqualifications such as visas when traveling or staying abroad • Coordination is possible during the interview process, but if you are in charge of US services, you must be able to travel to the US for the first two months after onboarding in Korea.- Experienced in designing/operating highly available, scalable systems - Experienced in developing systems that handle large-scale real-time traffic - Experienced in Node.js Typescript-based development - Enjoying a mission-critical service operation environment with a high sense of responsibility A person who can create a solid service together - a person who makes continuous efforts to optimize performance and automate operations• Experience developing Nest.js based on Node.js • Experience linking AWS • Experience designing and implementing Restful API • Ability to utilize MySQL 8.0• We are looking for someone with experience developing software based on Java/Kotlin/Spring/JPA. • We are looking for someone with basic knowledge of data structures. • We are looking for people who are interested in experiencing one cycle of a project (from service design to construction and release). • We are looking for someone who understands and has thought about development culture.Back-end developer qualifications - Anyone who has implemented a service with Java Spring Boot + JSP implemented in the MVC pattern or has worked in the relevant environment - Those who have knowledge of HTML markup CSS JS - Those who know how to handle jQuery - Those who have experience using MyBatis - Those who have experience using MySQL and can write SQL queries - Those who can collaborate using JIRA Github Front-end developer qualifications - Those who have HTML markup CSS JS knowledge - Those who can use jQuery - Those who can work with simple JSP source code - Those who can build projects with ReactJS - Those who can use state management libraries such as Redux - Those who are interested in or know why they are necessary for SSR such as Next.js - Those who can collaborate using JIRA Github• Those who are capable of back-end development in one or more development languages ​​such as Python, Java, C, and C++ • Those who are interested in the cloud technology stack • Those who have a strong sense of responsibility • Those who take initiative in carrying out their work • Those who have excellent communication skills and can explain persuasively＜ Enrise is looking for such a person ＞ • A person with more than 3 years of back-end development experience or equivalent capabilities • A person with experience in designing and developing efficient data structures and understanding the purpose of use such as RDBMS NoSQL • Business impact A person who is thoughtful and looks at problems from the customer's perspective • A person who aims for highly scalable design and implementation to resolve technical debt • A person who actively and proactively communicates with colleagues to solve problems• Have more than 2 years of web backend practical experience or equivalent skills • Have general basic knowledge of Python and Django • Have the ability to design and build services from the user's perspective • Ability to manage projects using Github[Essential qualifications] • Experience in continuous service improvement and operation in a production environment for more than 5 years • Possess system design and development capabilities for a rapidly expanding development environment • Excellent understanding of business requirements and good communication • Those who have the collaborative ability to think about problems and find solutions with various job groups • Those who have understanding and experience in RDBMS and NoSQL • Those who are always ready to learn and grow together • Those who are familiar with the following technologies • Java 8 or higher • Spring Framework Spring boot Spring Cloud JPA • JUnit Mockito SpringBootTest [Main work environment] • There is a period of work concentration according to the milestone schedule [Development environment] • Main technology: Java Spring framework JPA Apache Kafka • Work tools: GitLab Slack Jira Confluence IntelliJ IDEA • Code review: GitLab MR pair programming • Build distribution: GitLab Runner + AWS EKS Argo [Required competencies] • Goal-oriented thinking through positive mindset and smooth communication • Accurate documentation/sharing of work history and output Efforts to contribute to team performance through • Work details that manage specifications and schedules in a meticulous and detailed manner • Collaborative thinking to collaborate with stakeholders from various related departments • User-centered thinking * This recruitment will be subject to a coding test .• Those with an understanding of Restful API design • Those with domain-driven design (DDD) and object-oriented development skills and experience • Those familiar with collaboration using Git/Jira/Confluence • Understanding of CI/CD • Those with an understanding of MSA architecture • Those who have led an organization with 5 or more people for more than a year • Those with project lead experience • Those who can collaborate smoothly with other departments• You have more than 3 years of experience designing and implementing a Python-based Restful API (Django & Django Rest Framework, etc.) or a Java/Kotlin Spring (Boot)-based Restful API, or have equivalent capabilities (I'm sorry I'm a new member, but I'll definitely see you again next time! ) • A person with a high level of understanding and experience in RDBMS (relational DB) • A person with experience in data modeling and capable of analyzing schemas in operation • A person with experience using Git and skilled in GitHub/GitLab-based collaboration • Optimize service performance • Those who have a lot of concerns about • Those who are not reluctant to encounter and apply various technology stacks • Those who respond flexibly to changes and enjoy new challenges • The backend technology stack used by Weit is as follows. - Python 3.9 - Django 3.2 + Django Rest Framework 3.14 - PostgreSQL 14 (& PostGIS) - Redis - AWS (EC2 RDS S3 SES Cloudfront Lambda API Gateway, etc.)• Those with more than 4 years of experience in Java Spring Boot JPA (QueryDsl) environment API development • Those with experience designing and developing RESTful APIs • Those with database-related knowledge and experience understanding and using SQL (MySQL) • Git Gitflow People with general use experience and experience building and distributing software using CI/CD • People with experience developing e-commerce services• Those with 7 years or less of back-end development experience • Those with a deep understanding of RDBMS such as MySQL • Those with experience developing and continuously improving a service • Those with RESTful API experience • Those with a strong understanding of RDBMS such as MySQL Those who enjoy growth- A person with more than 3 years of experience as a backend server developer (Node.js Java Spring Rust Go, etc.) - A person who will develop together with the NestJS framework (Even if you are not familiar with NestJS or Node.js, you will learn along with us) - RESTful Those with API design/development experience - Those with RDBMS or NoSQL design/development experience• Those with experience designing/implementing RESTful APIs • Those with experience developing/operating web applications using Python • Those with general basic knowledge of Python (Django) • Those with RDBMS experience such as Mysql MariaDB • Github A person who is able to manage projects • A person who has experience using basic Linux/Unix commands• People with more than 5 years of web application development/operation experience • People who understand and can utilize Layered Architecture such as Spring Framework (Spring Boot Spring Batch) ORM (JPA) REST • Experience in developing domains for online advertising platforms such as e-commerce/portals Individuals with a high level of understanding of domain products such as advertising/order (conversion)/settlement within portals/e-commerce) • Able to build an efficient application architecture to optimize performance of large amounts of traffic/data and have an understanding of data composition • Those with experience in relational (MySQL Oracle)/Nosql database design and development/operation • Those with experience in building/operating data pipelines and using MQ (Kafka, etc.) producing/consuming• Architecture design/development based on Spring framework • UI design/development based on Javascript Angular JS Framework • MySql modeling/MongoDB RDBMS modeling• A general understanding of network/OS/file system/software development is required. • Those with experience developing SaaS services and designing server architecture • Those with experience developing Socket-based network programs using the Netty Framework • Those with experience developing application servers based on the Spring Framework • Those with development experience using Spring Security / JPA • Experience in processing large amounts of data using databases• Education: At least 2 years of elementary school graduation • Experience: Any experience • Experience with backend development using Django or Python-based frameworks • Anyone with an understanding of ORM use or relational database (RDBMS)• Those with more than 5 years of experience in Spring Boot-based server development • Those with operating experience using Docker Kubernetes, etc. • Those with experience operating server system architecture design and structure improvement • Those with experience using ORMs such as JPA Hibernate • Positive A person who can communicate and have fun working with colleagues• Those with more than 2 years of back-end development experience or equivalent capabilities • Node.js / TypeScript / MySQL / MongoDB • RDB-based database design and implementation • Experience in service development using AWS • Understanding of RESTful API • Those who know how to work with a variety of stakeholders • Those who enjoy identifying and defining problems and suggesting solutions • Those who are not afraid of new technologies and are interested in their own growth• Those with more than 5 years of relevant experience or equivalent experience • Those who are fluent in the JAVA programming language • Those who want to take ownership and develop a product • Those with experience in domains similar to Catch Table, such as social network e-commerce • A person who can establish priorities in complex situations[Technical sector requirements] • Development language: Java • Framework: Spring framework • Spring Boot Spring Security Mybatis • Database: Mysql Oracle Redis • Others: IntelliJ Git Jenkins SonarQube, etc. • OOP-based development and design concept [Other general requirements] • Software Basic knowledge of engineering/data structures • Comfortable with communication • Active and forward-thinking • Professionalism and sense of challenge • When you see something new and interesting, you must dig into it to relieve your curiosity • If you dig it alone and find it interesting, you must tell someone about it A person who solves this problem • A person who widely benefits myself and those around me with the spirit of Hongik• More than 3 years of back-end web development experience or equivalent experience • Proficient in Java/Spring projects • Experienced in design and development of RESTful APIs • Person with basic knowledge such as data structure networks • CI/CD Person with understanding and experience • Ability to use basic Linux/Unix commands• 2 to 5 years of practical experience • Back-end development and operation experience using Java • Basic understanding of RDBMS or NoSQL • Collaboration experience using Git • Basic understanding of Redis • Ability to use basic Linux/Unix commands • Unit testing integration testing writing experience• Those with at least 2 years of related work • Those with experience building services in a container-based environment • Those with the confidence to solve any technical difficulties • Those who can produce fast development speed and high-quality code at the same time • Those with a fast learning curve Anyone who has no hesitation about learning and adopting new technologies• More than 5 years of related work experience • Ability to develop Java (more than 5 years) • Spring Boot / Git / IntelliJ IDEA / MariaDB (MySQL) • Ability to design RESTful • A person with basic knowledge of Computer Science (Data Structure Algorithm Database Network) OS, etc.)- Experienced in designing/operating highly available, scalable systems - Experienced in developing systems that handle large-scale real-time traffic - Experienced in development based on Nest.js TypeORM - Enjoying a mission-critical service operation environment with a high sense of responsibility A person who can create a solid service together - a person who makes continuous efforts to optimize performance and automate operations• Those who can develop in one or more languages ​​among Python, Scala, and Java Go in a Linux environment • Those who have basic knowledge of computer engineering such as data structures, algorithms, databases, and distributed processing • Those who are proactive in solving problems and are not reluctant to introduce new technologies • Smooth A person who can enjoy working with colleagues through communication- Those who are proficient in more than one language (Java, Python, etc.) - Those who have experience building projects using web frameworks and RDBMS - Those who identify necessary parts and proactively create tasks and handle them responsibly - Collaborate with other job groups A person who can define problems and find solutions• Have practical experience in the Spring Framework (Spring Boot) • At least 1 year of experience • At least an elementary school graduate • A person who reflects feedback well• 7+ years of experience in related field • Java Spring-based development experience • Understanding of SQL ORM • Relational database modeling management experience [Technology Stack] • Java / Spring • RDS Redis MongoDB • AWS Docker Git Jenkins • Jira Confluence Teams Figma• A person with understanding and experience in the cloud environment • A person with the ability to operate a serverless database in a cloud environment and write SQL queries • A person with good communication skills with data analysts, data engineers, and other departments • Able to propose a back-end architecture that meets business requirements Person with • 3 or more years of job-related experience• A person with more than 1 year of Node.js development experience or equivalent experience • A person capable of positive thinking and smooth communication • Understanding of the development process (design, design, implementation, testing, distribution and operation) • Active communication and feedback through smooth communication Possible • Follows development processes such as code review, unit testing, continuous integration and deployment (CI/CD), etc. for team productivity and collaboration • Understanding of clean architecture MSA, etc.ㆍEducation: Any academic background ㆍExperience: Any experienceThose who have graduated from a related major such as computer engineering Those who can design and implement a server Those who can use AWS Azure, etc. Those who understand the concept of object-oriented programming (OOP) and SOLID principles and try to apply them to development Those who have knowledge of data structures, algorithms, design patterns, etc. Those who understand basic concepts Those who are passionate about development and are capable of self-directed developmentㆍMore than 5 years of development experience ㆍExperience in real-time distributed and asynchronous processing ㆍExperience in Spring (java)-based service development and tuning operation ㆍA person who can create synergy by discussing and collaborating with colleagues ㆍVarious programming languages ​​or frames as needed People who have no hesitation in learning the work• Desired years of experience: 5 to 15 years • Desired education: Graduated from a 4-year university (computer engineering major preferred) • Developer skilled in PHP/Python/Javascript • Developer with experience in processing large-scale traffic and large amounts of data • If there is an unsolvable task A developer who is constantly immersed and researched • A developer who knows a variety of development languages ​​and is interested in studying unfamiliar languages• Those with at least 3 years of Node.js development experience or those who can prove equivalent skills • Those with experience in development processes such as code review, unit testing, continuous integration and deployment (CI/CD) • Can design an architecture that considers scalability and performance Those who can • Those who have experience with or understand the concepts of the frameworks/libraries below - Node.js - express / koa / fastify / nest.js - mongoDB 4.x / mongoose orm • Those who understand the concepts below - RESTful API - Overall database theory - Unit / Integration / E2E Testing - Basic knowledge of cloud infrastructure such as VPC- Those who enjoy not only simple coding but also the process of creating products through quick experiments - Those who are not reluctant to jump in and learn if necessary even if they don't know much right away - Those who have created products using the above-mentioned usage skills or other front-end technologies People with experience - People who are interested in social networks or various IT products• Bachelor's degree or higher in computer and software engineering • 3 or more years of experience • Ability to use Node.js Python language • Ability to design and optimize API (REST GraphQL) • An understanding of cloud environments • An understanding of database design- 3+ years of experience - Spring framework + Spring Boot - Spring + Mybatis or Spring + JPA • Experience in AWS (Amazon Web Services) operation/development (required)ㆍMore than 3 years of Java development (required) ㆍExperience in Spring Boot / JPA (required) ㆍExperience in Devops• Experience with more than 2 years of web/app-based backend development • Proficient in Spring boot JPA • Experience with REST API database design and development • Meticulous and responsible for the job • Possess active and flexible communication capabilities • A person who can proactively perform and improve work and express opinions clearly• Restful API Service development • Java Gradle • Oracle Maria DB • Spring framework Eclipse (or Intellij) • 3+ years of experience• 2+ years of experience • Backend development experience using Java Spring Boot framework • Experience with RDBMS such as MySQL- Those with at least 3 years of web application development experience or equivalent capabilities - Those with an understanding of CS (Computer Science) basic knowledge (algorithms, data structures, file processing, operating systems, network databases) - Experience in vanilla/typescript work - Experience developing web services using PHP Web framework (e.g. Codeigniter Laravel) - Experience with RDBMS such as Mysql (Maria DB) Oracle - Experience developing HTTP or RESTful API clients - Understanding and experience with Git Anyone who has- Those who have at least one familiar programming language and are not reluctant to learn a new language - Those who have experience deploying and operating services directly - Those who have an understanding of DB cache data structures - Those who are comfortable using distributed version management systems such as Git Skilled person - A person who can write maintainable code that is flexible and readable - A person who is positive about code reviews and can communicate smoothly■ We are looking for someone with this experience and capabilities. • Java 8 or higher (or Kotlin) Springboot Linux JPA Mysql or similar RDBMS K8S-based development experience and experience working in the language • Experience in RESTful API design and implementation • Service operation and failure A person with recovery experience • A person with more than 5 years of relevant work experience • A person with an understanding of ORM • A person with no aversion to developing new services • A person with experience developing SecureCoding - Developing an authentication service based on Spring Security and OAuth2 specifications • Those with experience developing large-capacity traffic services • Those who like self-directed and active communication#Skills and Experience • 5+ years of Java or Kotlin backend development experience • SpringBoot-based work experience • Experience in relational DBMS table design and query optimization such as MySQL and PostgreSQL #Attitude • A person who continuously thinks about improving services from the customer’s perspective • A person who knows the joy of collaboration and can communicate proactively yet humbly • A person who gives trust to colleagues through transparent and planned work management • A person who can help one’s own growth and the growth of other team members • A person who can achieve unexpected results A person who can focus on finding the cause and improving it rather than taking responsibility when faced with a problem • A person who is active in code review• Backend developer based on Javascript/Nodejs/Python (Flask) • Capable of data modeling based on MongoDB • Bachelor’s degree or higher in a computer-related department or equivalent qualifications• More than 3 years of Java Spring/Spring Boot development experience • Experience developing services using AWS• A person familiar with Python-based server development such as Flask Django • A person with experience designing, building and operating services using the cloud (AWS GCP Azure, etc.) • A person with an understanding of MSA (Microservice architecture) and basic knowledge of networking • A person with a basic understanding of RDBMS such as MySQL • A person with understanding of REST API and experience in design and development • A person who recognizes the importance of teamwork and can gain trust from colleagues in the area of ​​responsibility • Consider the team atmosphere Someone who is active in collaboration :)• A person who sympathizes with the vision of the product and can take the lead in developing and improving it • A person with experience developing/operating production services using Node.js Typescript • A person familiar with cloud-based infrastructure such as AWS/GCP • Model design and development in a relational database Those who have no difficulty using queries • Those who consider the value of collaboration and communication important • Those who cannot tolerate inefficiency and actively solve problems* No educational background required • More than 1 year of backend experience using nodejs & typescript. • Interest/experience in various programming languages ​​• Tenacity not to give up easily when faced with difficult problems - In addition to c c++ c# java kotlin node python rust, you are interested in new development languages ​​and are motivated to apply them in practice.• A person with more than 7 years of REST API API development experience • A person with practical ability to use TDD • A person with experience designing servers and RDBs for processing large transactions • A person with experience in a container-based deployment environment • Services and back-end infrastructure (DB) Kafka Redis, etc.) Experience in monitoring settings and failure response- Have at least 1 year of backend development experience - Have experience developing Nestjs or Django frameworks- Node.js - Currently built on Express. - We are planning to switch to NestJS. - AWS - We operate using ECS ​​and utilize various AWS services. - Database - We manage large amounts of documents with MongoDB. - PostgreSQL is planned to be introduced. - Those with more than 5 years of Node.js-based backend practical experience or those with equivalent capabilities - Those who are serious about creating products rather than just writing code - Those who want to understand principles beyond operation - Give and receive honest feedback Those who can hire - Those who dream of greater growth as a developer[We are looking for someone with these capabilities] - Those with more than 7 years of back-end development experience or equivalent capabilities - Those who are already good at it with various experiences or those who can admire themselves for being good at it - People who think that operating large-scale traffic services is a piece of gum. - Those who can take on challenges, actively execute, and communicate smoothly - Key skills: PHP JavaScript TypeScript Rest API DB (Mysql MariaDB, etc.)• A person with more than 3 years of back-end development experience or equivalent skills • A person who can design software architecture or service infrastructure • A person with an understanding of RESTful API • A person with an in-depth understanding of server-side framework (regardless of framework) • RDBMS People who can use it • People who can communicate and collaborate smoothly with various job groups and team members• Those with more than 2 years of back-end development experience or equivalent skills • Those with experience developing and launching app services • Those with proficiency in the Node.js language • Those with an understanding of JavaScript or TypeScript • Designing and building relational databases Someone with ability• More than 3 years of back-end development experience using JAVA Node.js python, etc., or equivalent! • Anyone with deployment experience using AWS! • People who enjoy trying new things and learning!• Those with more than 3 years of back-end development experience or equivalent skills • Those proficient in Kotlin or JAVA languages ​​• Those with understanding and experience of databases • Those with basic CS knowledge such as data structures, algorithms, and operating systems • A person with problem-solving skills through logical thinking• Java Spring Framework development experience • Web service development experience • Logical thinking and problem-solving skills• More than 3 years of practical experience • Project experience using Python • High understanding of one or more development fields • Able to produce results at the level intended within the given time • Logical planning ability and smooth communication tailored to the purpose Possible • A proactive person who finds problems and suggests solutions on their own- Those with a computer engineering major or equivalent expertise - Those with expertise in one or more programming languages ​​such as Python and Golang - Those who understand how RESTful APIs work and can develop in conjunction with servers - Insights gained while developing services Those who want to constantly take on technical challenges by sharing their knowledge with team members - Those who can make continuous efforts to optimize performance• A person with more than 3 years of backend development experience • A person with experience deploying commercial services with Node.js • A person with experience using AWS (AMI EC2 S3 DynamoDB, etc.) • Experience in designing RDBMS NoSQL Cache according to business requirements • Those with experience designing RESTful API or GraphQL in a commercial setting • Those with experience using Git on a team basis • Those who can actively participate in code reviewsAt least 3 years of related work experience or equivalent capabilities ㆍExperience in the NodeJS web framework ㆍUnderstanding of ES6 grammar ㆍUnderstanding of databases (RDBMS MYSQL, etc.) ㆍUnderstanding of the operating principles of REST API ㆍBasics of the Javascript ecosystem Concept ㆍGit Understanding Git Flow• A person with more than 1 year of backend development experience or equivalent project development experience • A person who understands the core of the business and is able to design efficient data structures and APIs • A person with communication skills to convey their knowledge to team members • Node. Those with sufficient experience building web services using JS and AWS • Those who are capable of productive code reviews based on mutual respect • Those who take on challenges for growth and enjoy doing so • Those who dislike inefficiency and want to improve it • Self A person who is self-motivated and always strives to learn • A person who can set goals on his own and take initiative in carrying out workIn order to perform the back-end product engineer role in Slog Up, the following requirements are required. Additionally, training is provided to strengthen work skills for the relevant requirements. - Those with more than 4 years of product development experience or equivalent skills - Those who can design effective databases - Those who can use Node.js / Nest Framework or who do not feel the burden of learning a new language - Those who can design Rest API• 3+ years of PM experience at assistant manager to deputy manager level • Able to develop corporate projects using JAVA or C# • Proficient in javascript (ES5+) • An independent and proactive way of thinking• More than 3 years of JAVA-related experience • Quick learning ability and collaborative communication skills• A person with at least 1 to 3 years of development experience • [Mobile] A person proficient in one or more languages ​​among React Native Javascript/Typescript GraphQL • [Services] A person proficient in one or more web frameworks among AWS Node.js SQL GraphQL • Individuals with an active interest in new technologies • Individuals capable of collaborating through communication- Those capable of web service programming - Those capable of database programming - Those skilled in DB table design and query writing - Those skilled in Web API (rest API or grpc) architecture design and development - Those with an understanding of network programming and multi-threaded environments - Git Experience using source management tools such as Gitlab• More than 5 years of back-end development experience or equivalent experience developing results • Person with Java-based development experience• Those who can communicate smoothly with colleagues • Those who enjoy acquiring new skills and experiences and solving problems • Those who can use the Python language and have experience using Django FastAPI • Those who are familiar with Git and Git Flow • Operate Docker-based services Those familiar with • Those familiar with using AWS GCP• Those who major in Computer Science or a related field or have at least 2 years of practical experience • Those who consider creating services based on customer-centric thinking as the most important • Those who have experience in product release by collaborating with related departments such as planning and design • Those skilled in Django Framework or Spring Framework • Those with an understanding of DB cache data structures • Those with experience designing servers considering traffic • Those skilled in version management through Git • Web standards and responsive design A person with an understanding of UI that takes into account • A person with a passion for learning who continuously and effectively gives and receives feedback • A person who has ownership of the work and is passionate about completing it＜ Enrise is looking for such a person ＞ • A person with more than 3 years of back-end development experience or equivalent capabilities • A person with experience in designing and developing efficient data structures and understanding the purpose of use such as RDBMS NoSQL • Business impact A person who is thoughtful and looks at problems from the customer's perspective • A person who aims for highly scalable design and implementation to resolve technical debt • A person who actively and proactively communicates with colleagues to solve problems[What conditions are required? ] - A person with more than 4 years of experience in web application backend development (required) - A person proficient in one or more programming languages ​​among Java/Kotiln - A person with experience developing web applications and problem-solving skills using Spring Framework (Spring Boot) - Those with experience in REST API design and development - Those who are comfortable with and proficient in ORM technology - Those with RDBMS-based web application modeling/development skills [Main technology stack] - Spring Boot Webflux/MVC Kotlin/Java JPA MySQL JDBC/R2DBC Redis Gradle - Environment: AWS Elastic Beanstalk Aurora Serverless Elastic Cache Jenkins Github Actions - Collaboration tool: Github Notion JIRA Swagger Figma Discord - Development tool: IntelliJ• Education: Bachelor's or higher • Experience: 3 years or more • Those with a good understanding of the Java technology ecosystem (Java/Spring/JPA) • Those with experience developing web services and TCP/IP communication processing • Simple and maintainable design A person who aims for • A person who can easily adapt to a new environment and communicate well with colleagues[Competency Requirements]: Sufficient experience or development competency or willingness to take on challenges and learning ability in SW development using Java Python: Sufficient knowledge and experience of the overall web service development environment (Apache Tomcat Https, etc.): Sufficient knowledge of DB/SQL Knowledge and development experience (MySQL and Maria DB, etc.): Good understanding of the Linux development environment and development experience using AWS [Common requirements]: A person who can analyze and define problems: Collaborate with other departments such as planning, design, and sales Those who are capable of smooth communication: Those who prefer to challenge new and unfamiliar technical fields through their own learning and effort: Those who have a sense of responsibility for their work and work sincerely, so that even if they fail, they can try again and produce results.- Those with more than 2 years of backend development experience or equivalent skills (for experienced applicants) - Those with experience building infrastructure through AWS/GCP - Those with an understanding of Node.js and JavaScript or TypeScript - Unit Those with experience in testing, functional testing, end-to-end testing, build automation, and continuous integration - Those with an understanding of RDBMS NoSQL - Those who can manage their own goals and schedules in a free work environment - Those with a passion for learning and continuous and effective feedback Those who give and receive - Those who have ownership of their work and are passionate about completing it Recruitment procedure: Documents - Interview - Reference check - Final result information *Task interviews, etc. may be added depending on the job group.• Familiar with at least one language among JAVA/node.js/PHP • More than 2 years of project experience• Have more than 5 years of server (back-end) development experience or have equivalent skills • Have experience designing and developing REST APIs using Python-based frameworks such as Django Flask • Experience in reliably processing large amounts of data • Those who can design DB schema in an RDBMS environment • Those who can design architecture based on understanding of various technology stacks • Those who are not afraid of change and want continuous growth • Communication capabilities with planners and designers The one who has• More than 1 year of server development experience + Front-end development experience or willingness to learn • Interested in machine learning and deep learning • Ability to collaborate flexibly even in uncertain situations • Accurate and fast communication skills • Work independently Ability to define and lead responsibly- More than 2 years of experience in web server development based on Java & Spring Framework (required) - Experience in designing/implementing Restful API - Person with ORM (JPA Hibernate)-based development capabilities - Experience in developing and operating NoSQL (Redis Elastic Search) - Experience in designing and developing efficient data structures and understanding the purpose of use of RDBMS NoSQL, etc. - Experience in developing and operating build/test/deployment automation【Application for persons with special military service (industrial technical personnel)】 • When applying for special military service, please indicate the type of military service for smooth processing. • New active duty/change to active duty/new supplementary station/change to supplementary station, etc. • Current pass order is available for transfer to active duty/new supplementary station/change to supplementary station. 【We're looking for someone like this!】 • A person with experience developing using one or more languages ​​such as Python, Kotlin, and Java • A person who can consider various solutions for a given problem and make the best choice • A person who can communicate smoothly with team members People who have experience thinking about and developing themselves • People who can proactively discover and analyze problems and propose solutions rather than simply carrying out the given development• At least 3 years of Node.js backend work experience • More than 1 year of experience using MongoDB • Experience conducting code reviews for each sprint • Able to communicate smoothly • Someone who can work closely with the planning team, development team, and operation team[We are recruiting people who are interested in solving finance-related problems using various fintech technologies! ] - People with more than 2 years of experience using a “Python”-based web development framework or equivalent - People who are interested in the Python ecosystem and write code based on rules such as “PEP8” - MVVM MVC MVP Template Method - Those with an understanding of "design patterns" and experience designing and writing efficient "Batch" programs - Those with a basic understanding of Network "communication" and "HTTP Restful API" - Based on a basic understanding of "RDBMS" - Those who are capable of "ORM model design" - Those who have experience using "Linux Based OS" - Those who can manage their own goals and schedules and perform work responsibly in a free environment - Decide to be "data-centric" Those who are interested in the culture of reducing tasks - Those who are familiar with TDD and "agile culture such as code review" by dividing tasks and predicting work time• Those with more than 3 years of back-end development experience or equivalent capabilities • Those with experience developing Spring/Java-based web services • Those with experience using RDBMS (PostgreSQL, MySQL, etc.) • Those with no difficulties in collaboration• People with more than 3 years of back-end development experience • People with more than 1 year of Python (Django Rest Framework) development experience or equivalent • People with experience using RDBMS such as MySQL or Postgres- More than 2 years of field development experience (skills are more important than years of experience) - People who have participated in and operated commercial service/product development - People who are interested in new technologies and can learn on their own - People who have experience in developing new technologies A person who can explain things to developers and communicate smoothly• Proficient in HTML CSS Javascript jQuery Python Django • Experienced in API development using the Django REST Framework• Education: Any academic background • Experience: Fresher • Experience with backend-related development languages ​​such as Go Language or Node.js is required. • Experience in data processing through Relational DB or NoSQL is required. • It would be good to have experience developing Restful API.A person with more than 3 years of development experience using Java/Spring or Kotlin/Spring A person with experience managing infrastructure in an AWS environment A person with an understanding of databases and SQL/No-SQL experience A person with experience managing versions through Git Position A person who seeks a deep understanding of the business domain as a business colleague or partner. A person with good communication and collaboration skills.- Those with a CS-related major or equivalent capabilities - Those with experience serving AI models - Those with at least 2 years of server development experience• Those with more than 3 years of job-related experience • Those with understanding of JAVA Spring boot JPA REST API architecture/framework • Those with RDBMS experience such as MySQL and PostgreSQL • Those with basic understanding of Linux environment and WEB/WAS[We're looking for someone like this!] • Experience developing and operating services for more than 2 years • Experience developing APIs using Kotlin/Java + Spring/Spring Boot • Experience building and operating container-based servers on AWS GCP • Person with design and development experience using RDMS such as MySQL/PostgreSQL • Person with basic understanding of HTTP communication Experience in design or development of REST API • Maintain code quality through code reviews and enhance team capabilities Someone who can grow• Experience in Java Server system development using Spring framework • Experience in HTML5/Javascript development • Experience in DB (Oracle Mysql) development • More than 3 years of relevant job experienceㆍExperience in backend development using Node.js/Nest.js (at least 2 years of practical experience) ㆍAbility to use typescript ㆍHas a basic understanding of postgreSQL/mySQL ㆍBasic understanding of RESTful API Anyone who is there- Experience: Satisfy both of the two requirements below 1) More than 1 year of experience (more than 1 year of employment at one company) 2) Experience in test-led development using the TDD methodology - Education: One of the three requirements below At least 1 requirement 1) Bachelor's degree in IT-related engineering or higher 2) Passing the written exam for information processing engineer or higher 3) Acquisition of information processing industry engineer• At least 2 years of TypeScript / JavaScript development experience or equivalent capabilities (for experienced applicants) • Experience with Nest.js / Express.js framework and understanding of the corresponding ecosystem • Knowledge of the general architecture of web services and RESTful API Individuals with an understanding of • Back-end design and implementation experience based on understanding of Micro Service Architecture • Individuals capable of designing NoSQL / RDBMS Database to suit business requirements• Those with more than 2 years of back-end development experience or equivalent capabilities • Those with Java programming language expertise • Those with experience developing Spring / JPA / Java-based web services • Those who have no difficulty collaborating • Collaborating with colleagues Code versioning experience forWe will explain the capabilities we expect the person in charge of Commento backend development to have. * Please note that we are not selecting talented individuals who possess all of the capabilities listed below. I would like it if you have 1 or 2 good strengths among the capabilities I mentioned. 1. Those with an understanding of Modern PHP 2. Those with experience using frameworks (CI Laravel etc...) 3. Those with a strong interest in development 4. Those with problem-solving skills and a sense of responsibility 5. Those who have completed military service or military service Exempted * Any educational background• Experience: 1 to 3 years (researcher team member level) • Experience building a Node.js-based backend • Experience with AWS • Experience with CI/CD through GitHub- A person who can develop and operate services using Spring-boot, Kotlin, MySQL - REST-API type mobile app back-end service development and operation - AWS server system construction and operation - More than 8 years of related experience - A culture where people who work together are important - Smooth communication Ability - Someone who can actively create a healthy development team culture• Experience: 2+ years of experience developing using frameworks or equivalent experience • Ability to develop web services and API servers using Node.js • A person who always enjoys and takes pride in the profession of a programmerA. Common requirements for all developers • Love development • Love math • Interested in deep learning • Not afraid of collaboration • Have a strong sense of responsibility B. Requirements for back-end developers • Interested in how computers work • Create faster and better • I consider completion to be as important as perfection C. Back-end developer technical questions: You must be able to answer at least 8 out of 15 well • What is Base64 encoding? • How do I transfer/store user passwords? • What is a system call? • What is the difference between .so and .a files? • What is the difference between MySQL and MongoDB? • What are the characteristics of HTTP/2? • How does a firewall work? • What is the difference between Docker and Virtual Machine? • What is the difference between AMD and Intel CPUs? • What is CRDT? • What is CORS? • What is CI/CD? • How would you create a chat server that supports 10,000 concurrent users? • What are the causes and countermeasures of some security-related incidents that have recently become social issues? • How would you build a large log system?- Those with more than 2 years of backend development experience or equivalent capabilities - Those with experience implementing projects using NestJS - Those with experience designing RDBMS DB- Experience developing web services for more than 3 years - Experience building AWS and CI/CD - Experience using SWAGGER / Postman Skills ㆍAWS Nest.js PostgreSQL TypeScript Node.js swagger Postman TypeORM AWS EB Route53• We are looking for people with more than 3 years of backend development experience or equivalent capabilities. • We are looking for people who are interested in Python development. • We are looking for someone who is familiar with various collaboration tools and is proactive in using new tools. • We are looking for someone who has the problem-solving skills to calmly solve even things they are trying for the first time without panicking. • We are looking for someone who can communicate smoothly with colleagues who create services together. • Those with systematic documentation skills • Those with a bachelor’s degree or higher in science or engineering (regardless of major)[I want to work with someone like this] • We need someone with more than 3 years of web development experience. • We need someone with experience in backend design and development using Java Spring Boot JPA. • We need someone who understands REST API and has design and development experience. • We need someone with experience designing RDBMS-based data structures. • We need someone with a computer science or related major.• More than 2 years of related work experience • Able to communicate smoothly with other departments • Experience in developing and operating shopping malls• More than 3 years of Java-based development experience • Spring framework / Spring Boot / Spring Security development experience • Experience using JPA QueryDSL (concept of ORM) • Experience using PostgreSQL or other RDBMS [Development environment] IntelliJ Github Notion AWS (Route53 ELB EC2 EKS) CloudWatch S3 EFS RDS) Redis DevOpsAnyone who sympathizes with Class U’s beliefs, mission, and vision. [Development] ㆍLegacy: Laravel Flask PHP Python AWS RDS MongoDB ㆍNew service: Serveless (AWS Lambda) FastAPI Python AWS RDS DynamoDB SQS Terraform [Work Experience] ㆍ Anyone who has experience creating products with love• Spring Boot• Major in Computer Science • Those with basic knowledge and experience in programming • Those with experience developing Java Spring AWS-based web backend services • Those with experience in RESTful API design and development • Those with experience in optimization through DB query analysis • Those with experience in optimizing and distributing large-capacity traffic • Those with basic CS knowledge such as data structure, operating system, computer architecture, OOP, etc.• Those with 7 years of back-end development or equivalent capabilities • Those who can develop web services using Springboot (Java/Kotlin) • Those who possess two or more programming languages ​​with proficiency • Those with knowledge of DB design, application, and utilization • Those with a high level of understanding of the technology • Those with an endless desire to design code that is easy to maintain and expandable • Those who are interested in new technologies and consistently learn on their own• We are looking for someone with more than 5 years of development experience or equivalent capabilities. • We are looking for someone who is proficient in Spring boot (Webflux) + Kotlin environment. • We are looking for someone with experience in performing agile sprint MVP unit development projects. • We are looking for someone who takes the initiative to create work and lead responsibly. • We are looking for someone who can define problems and find solutions together with other professionals.•People with more than 3 years of development experience using node.js or backend development •People with experience in TypeScript and NestJS •People with experience in RESTful API development •People with understanding of RDBMS ORM• Those with more than 2 years of backend development experience or equivalent skills • Those with an understanding of Node.js and JavaScript or TypeScript • Those with experience building infrastructure with AWS/GCP • Those with an understanding of DBMS NoSQL • Those with the ability to design and build relational databases • Those with experience in operating and improving services where the number of members is rapidly increasing- A person with experience in building large-capacity, high-availability backend systems and capable of general system design - A person who is good at designing efficient code architecture and writing highly readable code - A person with experience in data modeling and understanding of databases such as RDBMS NoSQL - Technology Those who enjoy following trends and learning new technologies - Those who have the persistence to solve even difficult problems by digging deep until they are fully understood• Those with experience developing and operating services using TypeScript NodeJS • Those with diverse experience in API design and development • Those with experience in database design and development using RDBMS • Those with an understanding of OOP (Object Oriented Programming) • Those with experience in test automation and test-driven development • Those with experience collaborating with colleagues, such as front-end developers, product managers, and product designers • Those who adhere to the Classter Principles[Qualifications] • Those with development experience using NodeJS MongoDB Socket.IO • Those with experience in HTTP (Restful) API design and high-performance/large-capacity traffic development • Those with experience in data processing framework-based developmentㆍTechnical ability (required): PHP AWS ㆍEducation: Any academic background ㆍExperience: 3+ years of PHP Server experience ㆍA person who actively communicates with colleagues and has a high sense of responsibility• Those with more than 3 years of backend development experience using Node.js • Those with experience using various AWS services (lambda api gateway rds, etc.) • Those with development experience using Mysql MongoDB Redis • Virtual asset trading and Those who have experience with or have a high level of understanding of derivatives, Defi, etc.+ A person like this is even better • A person with more than 4 years of back-end development experience • A person with a deep understanding of node.js-based server development • A person with database design experience • A person with AWS experience • Ability to use git• Those familiar with JAVA • Those with more than 3 years of web application development and operation experience or equivalent capabilities • Those with experience developing web applications using the Spring framework (Spring Boot) • Those with experience in designing and developing Rest API-based designs • Those with experience in RDBMS-based data modeling, such as MySQL (Maria DB) • Those with experience in container-based technologies, such as Docker • Those with experience in server architecture design and operation • Those with experience in Git configuration management Please write down a project or activity that demonstrates your abilities and attach it as required.• Those who have participated in the entire application development process • More than 2 years of back-end development experience • Those who are proficient in Python and Flutter • Those who are not disqualified from traveling abroad• Those who can develop in more than one language, such as Go Java Node.js • Those who can design/develop blockchain services (REST API RPC server electronic signature, etc.)• Computer engineering SW development major required • Those who have no problems collaborating at workㆍEducation: Elementary school graduate or higher ㆍExperience: 2 years or more ㆍExperience in back-end or server program development ㆍExperience in server development and operation using Spring boot ㆍExperience in developing and operating a RESTful API server ㆍExperience in development and operation using RDB ㆍOverseas travel A person who has no grounds for disqualification[We're looking for someone like this!] • Major: Related major • 5+ years of Spring development experience • Able to develop Spring Boot • Experienced in oracle • Able to develop JSP JavaScript Jquery Ajax • Able to use Mybatis • Have experience in Rest API development• A person who enjoys a mission-critical service operation environment and can work together to create a solid service with a high level of responsibility is recommended. • Experience operating a Redis Kafka ELK stack is preferred. • Experience developing systems that handle large-scale, real-time traffic is desirable. [Technology Stack] - Django Django Rest Framework Twisted - Pandas Numpy Celery - MySQL MariaDB Redis - AWS Docker Jenkins Git ELK• Those with more than 5 years of back-end development and operation experience or equivalent capabilities • Those with experience and understanding of RESTful APIs • Those with experience linking APIs provided by external services or organizations with internal systems according to specifications • Those with experience developing and operating large-capacity traffic services • Those with storage experience for large-capacity data such as RDBMS NoSQL Redis• More than 2 years of JAVA development experience • Spring SpringBoot development experience • Experience using javascript jquery json • Experience using configuration management using Git • A person with a good understanding of web services • A person who is free to share knowledge and discuss with colleagues• More than 2 years of JAVA nodejs (typescript) development experience or equivalent skills • No problem writing SQL required for development • Ability to understand REST API and actually develop CRUD• Those with more than 5 years of Java/Spring-based server development experience • Those with design and development capabilities for HTTP (RESTful) API • Those with experience developing based on Cloud Infrastructure such as AWS GCP • Those with experience in developing based on cloud infrastructure such as AWS GCP Those with schema design experience • Those with a high understanding of RDBMS NoSQL • Those with collaboration experience through configuration management systems or equivalent capabilities • Those with positive disposition and self-directed growth ability○ Design and development experience and understanding of REST API ○ Java Spring Boot-based design/configuration experience ○ Familiar with using collaboration tools (Jira Confluence Slack Git) ○ Able to communicate smoothly with team members ○ More than 4 years of backend development experience Preference given to those with or equivalent abilities• More than 3 years of industry experience • Experience using backend frameworks such as NestJS • Understanding of ORMs such as TypeORM • Ability to design RDB schema and tune SQL queries • Experience building and operating services using AWS• More than 7 years of SW development and operation experience • Experience with JAVA Spring/Spring Boot framework • Experience with design and development of RESTful API • Experience using or managing configuration management tools (Git SVN Bitbucket, etc.) • DevOps or CI/CD Pipeline my development experience- More than 2 years of back-end development experience - Ability to write MongoDB Query - Understanding of JavaScript (ES5 or higher) - Express-based Node.js practical experience - Understanding of Restful API - Basic Linux operation skills - Server configuration using AWS Experience - A person who has the ability to perform autonomous tasks and provide feedback- People with more than 2 years of practical experience developing web services based on Node.js (Nest.js) - Experience building cloud computing services such as AWS - Experience designing RDBMS such as MySQL (Maria DB) - Experience in building/testing/deployment automation - Linux /Experience operating in a Unix environment - Bachelor's degree or higher- Those with more than 3 years of back-end development experience or equivalent experience - Those skilled in Kotlin server development - Those who are interested in finding new problems and implementing better solutions - Experience in processing large-scale traffic or large amounts of data Experienced - Experience operating services in the cloud (GCP AWS, etc.)We are looking for people like this - Those who have a good understanding of Python and can learn and use programming languages ​​such as JavaScript Go - Those who are skilled in In Memory Storage environments such as PostgreSQL-based DBMS and Redis - Those who have experience with time-series databases such as TimescaleDB Clickhouse Those with experience - Those who understand the principles of asynchronous programming and event-based systems and have used them in actual work - Those who understand the problems that arise when handling large-scale data on backend servers and enjoy solving these problems - About test code Those who have thought deeply - Those with CI/CD automation experience• Any major • Graduated from a 4-year university • Python and FastAPI Flask Django • Ability to use computer vision-related libraries (openCV, etc.) • Understanding of AWS GCPㆍEducation: Any ㆍExperience: More than 3 years of related experience ㆍExperience in developing Node.js-based web services and RESTful APIs ㆍExperience in designing and operating databases such as RDBMS NoSQL- Required 2 to 5 years of related work experience - Development experience using backend frameworks such as ASP.Net or Java Spring - Proper understanding of HTTP and experience developing APIs using it - Development experience using relational databases NoSQL database - Proper understanding of OOP - Ability to communicate smoothly with other job groups• More than 5 years of backend development work experience • Understanding IoT terminal communication protocols • Experience building AWS infrastructure • Someone who can share their knowledge and experience and be interested in helping colleagues grow • In unclear situations A person who can identify, analyze, and solve problems through communication• Developer who understands Rest API and can develop API in Restful manner • Experience in Multi Instance Server development in a cloud environment is preferred • Experience in using CI/CD and Git is preferred • Backend development platform is NodeJS + Typescript[Common to applicants] • Back-end development and operation experience using one or more of Java / Javascript • Basic understanding of RDBMS or NoSQL • Collaboration experience using Git • Basic understanding of Redis [Former applicants] • Ability to use basic Linux/Unix commands • Experience writing unit tests and integration tests.• More than 5 years of backend experience • Experience using and operating AWS • Experience using Kotlin • Experience developing various platform services such as apps/web • Experience developing RESTful services in Java (1.8 or higher) / Spring Boot environment • Experience with RDMBS such as MySQL / Aurora Understanding and experience with ORM such as JPA / Hibernate • Experience with Git-based source version management • Experience with web application performance optimization maintenance and troubleshooting- Those with experience developing Spring-based commercial software in a Linux environment or with equivalent capabilities - Those with experience in backend development using asynchronous non-blocking I/O (Webflux RxJava WebClient) - Those with a deep understanding of JPA - Spring Those with experience linking authentication services using security, etc. - Those with a solid background in computer engineering, including data structures, databases, operating systems, and networks.• More than 2 years of back-end practical experience • Experience in Python RestAPI practical development • Experience in cloud environments (AWS Azure, etc.) • Experience using RDB MySQL MongoDB • Understanding of the Web - http protocol header cache web socket overall operation process• Experience: More than 3 years of Java/SpringBoot development experience • Experience in large-scale projects and ability to solve related problems • Experience and understanding of object-oriented programming • Experience in developing Restful API and web services • Experience in database design and performance optimization • Experience using collaboration tools such as Git Notion • Understanding of Agile methodology and Scrum process- Those with experience developing and operating web services using Django (more than 2 years) - Those with a high understanding of the Django REST Framework - Those with Dockerizing experience and a deep understanding of virtual environments - Those with ORM-based development capabilities - A person with a deep understanding of REST API - A person with experience in automating build testing and distribution through Pipeline - A person who will create a development culture together in a growing company - Positive and active communication skills - Thinking from the customer's perspective Attitude to reflect this in service• Experienced in building new web services • Experienced in building web services through AWS • Experienced in intra management using containers • Experienced in API development and external API integration • Experienced in various databases• Understanding and development experience in Rails or Node.js framework • Experience building and operating a service environment in AWS • CI automation experience • Computer engineering major or equivalent work knowledge • Ability to learn new languages ​​or development environments2+ years of backend development experience Those with an understanding of Nodejs / Express / Typescript / Nestjs / Mysql Restful API Those familiar with version management using Git• College graduate or more / 3+ years of experience • Ability to use Java-based SpringBoot framework • Ability to use MariaDB Redis JPA mybatis • Ability to design RDB based on plan[Required Competencies] • JAVA Spring Javascript JQuery intermediate level or higher • RDBMS Query writing intermediate level or higher • A person who can communicate constructively with stakeholders • A person who is willing to learn new skills required for work [Required Experience] • 4 years ~ 7 years (assistant level)• [Required] 3 or more years of back-end development experience • Experience in development and operation using AWS • Experience in actively using test code • Experience in collaborating with various job groups such as planning/designer/operations • Early team building at startup experience• Those with more than 4 years of back-end development experience or equivalent experience • Those with experience developing Java Spring Framework-based services • Those with experience in designing and developing REST APIs• More than 5 years of experience developing Python web frameworks, including Django Rest Framework FastAPI • Ability to build from initial setup to production level using Django Rest Framework or FastAPI • Deployment using CI/CD Tool Cloud Service (AWS GCP Azure) Experience • Ability to utilize Docker • Experience in managing API documents• College graduate or higher • More than 5 years • Proficient in PHP HTML CSS JQuery JSPWe need someone who has a strong attachment to service and works with the mindset of ‘my service’! Cleon R&D Center values ​​solid fundamentals, logical thinking and reasoning skills, and the ability to implement actual code rather than knowledge of a specific technology stack or framework. - Those with at least 3 years of practical experience or equivalent capabilities - Those majoring in computer software - Can solve various problems Ability to utilize various approaches and solutions - Experience in designing and operating highly available, scalable systems - Experience in thinking and developing solutions to quickly and reliably handle large amounts of real-time traffic - Experience in experiencing failures and resolving problemsComputer Engineering Bachelor's degree in computer engineering or a related field 3-5 years of experience as a Python developer Possess expert-level knowledge of Python and related frameworks (Django FastApi celery) Based on a basic understanding of RDBMS Those who are capable of designing an ORM model. Those who have experience writing asynchronous programs. Those who have experience writing test code. Those who have an understanding of Docker.• Has deep use of one of FastAPI Flask Django and has experience in building and operating from back-end design • Possesses data processing capabilities through Numpy Pandas • Understanding of AWS or GCP infrastructure • Active ideation, collaboration, and someone who enjoys growth through active feedback • Micromanager People who do not need a gong • Good communication skills- More than 5 years of web backend development/operation experience - Spring Boot + Kotlin environment development experience - Understanding and operation experience of public cloud such as AWS or GCP Azure - Basic understanding of CS basic subjects (network data structure database)• More than 7 years of service development and operation experience • Able to explain one or more programming languages ​​for more than an hour • Deep understanding of the technology and environment you use • Experience developing backend applications using Kotlin Spring Boot • Kubernetes Experience in development and operation in an environment • Experience in utilizing various architectural styles and patterns such as Microservice Event Driven and Domain Driven • Experience in responding to various Infra Application failures • Experience in developing and operating a back-end system that can handle large amounts of traffic • A person who automates repetitive tasks • Search A person who does not stop at performance records but acquires knowledge through implementation and experimentation • Experience contributing to the development of the development environment and organizational culture • A person who considers various strategies to achieve goals and prepares for failure • Sets reasonable standards for selecting a technology stack A person who chooses according to the organization's situation • A person with a service- and user-centered perspective and flexible communication capabilities • A person who can communicate openly even when faced with criticism of the design I proposed and the code I developedIs there anyone like this somewhere? • Those with experience in web/API development using JAVA, Spring Boot, NodeJs, Python, etc. • AWS Aurora Mysql • Those who are familiar with using Git and are fully capable of collaborating and reviewing code through it [Core Competencies] • Designing and implementing work automation Experienced person • Experienced in crawling work • Skilled in RDB design and SQL query writing • Experienced in development in public cloud environments such as AWS • Person who communicates well and conveys opinions well• Experience with Node.js • Good communication skills • Experience with collaboration tools such as GitHub Notion and JIRA • Experience developing AWS-based services• A conscientious and thoughtful engineer • An engineer who loves learning new technological trends[We are looking for someone like this] • A person with more than 4 years of relevant job experience • A person with expert knowledge in computer engineering (bachelor/master’s degree) • A person with an information processing engineer certificate • A person with a high understanding of 3D graphics • Development A person with trend analysis and self-training capabilities◆Required skills C language • Experience using DB • Experience using Linux • Skilled in effective communication and collaboration • Active in understanding and improving existing systems • Passionate about learning and working together for a long time to help each other The person who will be• Those with more than 4 years of back-end development experience or equivalent capabilities • Those with experience building and operating their own services • Those with basic knowledge and experience of Node.js • Those with basic knowledge of Linux MySQL • A person who has a good understanding of ORM (Sequelize TypeORM, etc.) and can use it appropriately • A person who can proactively develop/improve the product with affection and responsibilityㆍThose who have experience developing web applications using Spring Framework (Spring Boot) ㆍThose who like active opinions and discussions ㆍThose who are not afraid of change and want continuous growth ㆍThose who enjoy collaboration and sharing necessary knowledge with colleagues ㆍA person who can quickly understand business requirements and skillfully design data models and APIs ㆍA person who is proficient in using at least one language among Java/Kotlin[AA Developer] • A person with experience developing in e-government and Spring Framework • A person with Java as a base and not averse to other languages ​​• A person with motivation and good interpersonal relationships • A person with a philosophy of responsibility and humility in relationships when it comes to work minute• Those with more than 5 years of backend development or equivalent skills • Those with a high understanding of Node.js Nest.js • Those with experience developing services using WebSockets • Those with experience developing and managing AWS Azure infrastructure Technology stack • TypeScript Nest.js TypeORM Socket.io • MySQL Redis (ElastiCache pub/sub) MessageQueue • AWS Azure Docker • Git BitBucket Slack Notion FigmaEven if you do not meet all of the qualifications below, you can collaborate with top experts and take on the challenge of Laundrygo smart factory automation development • More than 1 year of basic server development (back-end) development experience (possess basic server development capabilities) • More than 1 year of basic server development (back-end) development experience Experience in developing in conjunction with sensors and BE server systems on the PC Raspberry Pi platform • Experience in application development using Golang (or C/C++) • Experience in RDBMS such as Mysql / MariaDB • Basic understanding and knowledge of TCP HTTP REST API and other communication methods possession【Qualifications】 We are looking for these people • 3 or more years of back-end experience is required. • Any educational background or age is irrelevant, and it’s okay even if you don’t have blockchain experience. • We need someone with experience building a Rest server using a Node.js (Typescript-based) environment or another language. • We are looking for someone with experience in server development using Nest.js and Prisma. • Experience with configuring and operating a basic Linux-based operating system DB and an understanding of MSA would be desirable.• Those with more than 3 years of experience or equivalent skills • Those with PHP development experience (Experience in Laravel framwork) • Understanding of Restful API Understanding of Morden PHP • Those with direct experience from project design to operation stages • If you have a link to Github, etc., please include the details.- Those with more than 3 years of Java-based application and backend experience - Those with various DBMS experience - Those with basic computer engineering knowledge - Those with experience conducting projects using cloud services - Familiar with Git configuration management and development Those with collaboration experience - Those with an honest and positive attitude - Those who can communicate smoothly with team members - Those who can logically analyze and solve problems - Those who have the will to actively improve the system structure- Experience developing Nest.js Typescript projects - Those who can communicate well with front-end engineers and designers - Those who have a lot of concerns about architecture design - Those who consider test code important - Those who like to constantly grow and acquire new knowledgeㆍPeople with more than 5 years of Java/Spring-based server development experience ㆍMore than 3 years of experience developing mid-to-large B2C or B2B platforms ㆍPeople with design and development experience in HTTP (RESTful) APIs ㆍCloud Infra such as AWS GCP Those with experience in basic development ㆍThose with experience in schema design based on large-scale data processing ㆍThose with understanding of RDBMS NoSQL ㆍThose with collaboration experience or capabilities through configuration management system ㆍTechnology stack - Java17 / Springboot (3 .x) / SpringSecurity - Gitlab CI/CD / SVN - Docker & Docker-compose / AWS (EC2 RDS S3) - JPA / QueryDSL / Mybatis ㆍThose who are not disqualified from traveling abroad ※ Portfolio submission required• A team leader or senior developer with more than 5 years of experience • A person with a high level of understanding of Python • A person who sees the forest better than the trees • A person with experience leading a development team • A person with experience leading a development team or someone who wants to advance as a tech lead • Simply Those who want to grow a startup’s initial system to the best service in the industry rather than just doing the assigned work• Those with more than 3 years of back-end development experience or equivalent experience • Those with proficiency in at least one language such as python, c, c++, JAVA, Kotlin, etc. • Those with experience in container-based technologies such as Docker • Those with experience operating proxy servers such as NginX(Required) skillset • Those with more than 4 years of back-end development experience or equivalent skills • Those with expertise in Node.js • Those who are concerned about object responsibility and cooperation based on an understanding of OOP • People with experience building and operating container-based infrastructure in an AWS/Linux environment • Experience developing and operating services based on an understanding of RDBMS/NoSQL (required) Mindset • Having your own philosophy while listening to diverse opinions Those who pursue coding • Those who have interest and passion for global services • Those who sympathize with and are interested in the global growth of Korean trends • Those who do not limit their own capabilities and pursue radical solutions based on outstanding performance Those who seek rewards for achievement and growth • Those who are capable of goal-oriented communication with stakeholders from diverse backgrounds • Those who define problems on their own and try to find solutions that take both users and business into consideration• Experience developing servers based on Spring/Kotlin or Spring/Java • Experience with database modeling • Experience operating servers using cloud services • More than 5 years of related work experience• Those with experience developing using ES6+ • Those with experience developing and operating services in the Node.js environment • Those with experience designing and operating Mongodb database • Those with basic understanding of networks and HTTP • Those with basic usage of GIT Github Who knows- More than 3 years of back-end development experience - Experience developing APIs in Typescript and Python Node.js environments - Experience developing RESTful services and APIs - Understanding of SQL/DBMS/ORM• Those who are proficient in at least one language, either Java 11 or higher or Kotlin • Those who can develop RDBMS-linked backends through Spring Boot + JPA • Those who actively communicate with colleagues and have a high sense of responsibility • Think about the essence of the problem and come up with a fundamental solution People who constantly strive to find • People with more than 10 years of server development experience• Back-end development ㆍProficient in using the Back-End framework (Spring boot Node) ㆍExperienced in developing Websocket image processing applications ㆍActive in quality improvement such as architecture design and proposed code review testing- More than 3 years of backend development experience - Those with excellent communication skills - Those who can share direction during the service planning and design stage - Those who focus on why and how to work rather than why they cannot work- Master's/Ph.D. in computer engineering or more than 3 years of development experience - Experience leading a development team - Experience in back-end architecture design and server management• Experience in developing/operating backend services using frameworks such as Node.js, Python, Java, and Go. • Experience in RESTful API design. • Experience with service development/operation in a Linux environment. • Anyone with development/operation experience using mariadb (or mysql). • Anyone with development/operation experience using AWS EC2 SQS S3. If you lack one or two of the qualifications but are confident that you can catch up with enough effort, please don't hesitate and apply!- Those with more than 3 years of development experience or equivalent abilities - Those with development experience using Python - Experience using FastAPI WebSocket - Or experience using Django or flask - Experience using WAS in other languages ​​- Understanding of the Linux environment - Experience developing at least one commercial service• A person with depth in one or more programming languages ​​• A person who can proceed with an open mind to code and design reviews- More than 3 years of experience developing web/app service backend systems - Experience developing using the JavaScript language - Experience developing services in an AWS infrastructure environment - A person who aims for clean code and is not afraid of code reviews - MySQL (Maria DB), etc. Experience using RDBMS and NoSQL - Experience using version control systems such as Git SVNWe need someone like this! • Have more than 5 years of server engineering experience in web-based data monitoring systems or similar products (with comparable capabilities) • Have server engineering experience • Have an understanding of at least one Web Framework min([Asp.Net](• Those with Java SpringBoot Python intermediate or higher skills • Those with experience designing and building and operating a Docker-based CI/CD environment • Those with experience designing and operating in the cloud (AWS) • Experience in operating Linux (Ubuntu) and operating DB (Mariadb) and those with disability response skills- Those who have developed and operated commercial back-end applications for more than 3 years or have equivalent capabilities - Those who have a deep understanding of the tactical patterns of Domain Driven Design and can actively apply them on Firestore - Knowledge of the type system Someone who has a deep understanding and is comfortable with abstraction through higher-order functions - Someone who understands the service domain and knows the importance of having all employees speak the same language - Someone who knows what kind of work I like and can talk about it clearly• More than 7 years of back-end development experience (node.js java c#, etc.) • Those with understanding and development experience in Restful API • Those with understanding of Cloud Infrastructure • Those with basic knowledge of Linux systems• Those with an understanding of ES6 typescript • Those with experience using the NestJS framework • Those with experience in Restful API design/development • Those with development experience using RDBMS and various Nosql • Those with experience in configuration management using git minute• Deep understanding of JavaScript and Node.js • Experience in backend development utilizing Express.js or Nest.js • Experience in RESTful API design and implementation • Experience in database schema design and optimization • Experience in server performance optimization and scaling • Cloud services Experience using (AWS Azure GCP, etc.) • Collaboration experience using Git • Ability to communicate smoothly with team members • Curiosity about new technologies and willingness to continuously learn• We need someone who can proactively discover and analyze problems and propose solutions rather than simply carrying out the given development. • Those who can suggest work improvements through communication with people in various fields • Those who enjoy understanding TDD and making efforts to improve technical debt[Required conditions] ㆍMore than 9 to 15 years of Java development experience ㆍExperience developing web applications using Spring-based frameworks ㆍExperience in REST API design and development ㆍMore than 1 year of experience using ORMs such as JPA Hibernate and domain modeling ㆍA person who can design an architecture and DB that suits business requirements ㆍA person with experience in RDBMS (MySQL, etc.) ㆍA person with development leading experience ㆍA person with experience in developing an in-house service platform ㆍA person with experience in developing and operating cloud-based services * Check technology stack:• Experience: 3 to 10 years • More than 2 years of Golang backend development • Experience developing and managing servers on cloud (AWS) infrastructure • Someone who is not averse to learning new languages ​​and technology environments • Good communication skills• Those with more than 5 years of Java-based Web Application development experience • Those with experience and understanding of Spring-framework (spring springboot) development • Those with ability to develop RDBMS (MySQL, Oracle, MSSQL, etc.) • Those with RESTful API experience• Those with more than 5 years of web/app development experience • Those skilled in design and development using Java/Kotlin or Node.js (TypeScript) • Those able to use the Spring Framework proficiently • A good development team and development environment Those with a passion for creating • Those with experience in designing, building, and operating the backend based on an understanding of financial data-related development environment regulations such as Open Banking and MyData• People with more than 9 years of experience in open source Python (flask Django fastAPI) and PHP (CodeIgniter) language frameworks • People with understanding of DB/SQL and practical experience in MySQL • Code configuration management (Git) and CI Those with experience configuring /CD • Experience with DB Cache (Redis Memcached) • Experience with MSA (Microservice Architecture) • Experience with Public Cloud (AWS GCP Azure) environmentThis is an essential competency. • More than 3 years of backend development experience • Ability to write clean code based on a deep understanding of Python • Ability to understand OOP hierarchy and DDD and implement it in code • Ability to solve business requirements using appropriate technology Abilities • Experience in a container-based development environment • Ability to work using collaboration tools such as Git/GitHub Notion Linear Jira • Ability to communicate smoothly with development and non-development team members- Those who are constantly interested in and utilize new technologies and trends - Those who have experience from designing the architecture of a complete service to infrastructure development, deployment and operation - Those who have experience managing infrastructure using AWS or other cloud environments - Datadog Grafana Those with experience monitoring through services such as Prometheus - Those with experience with development processes such as Agile Scrum Kanban• I can express my thoughts well through words and coding. • Regardless of age/gender/education/major. • The question arises, “Why should we develop this way instead of relying on the existing framework?” • General understanding of web services. • Understanding of Node.js and Typescript. • Understanding AWS backend infrastructure configuration and services (or GCP AZure). • Understanding of Node.js and Typescript- Those with more than 4 years of backend/server development experience - Those with experience developing infrastructure for large-scale data processing in an AWS environment - Those who can develop backends using the Python Framework - Those who can set up the server environment to suit the service traffic environment - Anyone with experience setting up CI/CD environment configuration• More than 4 years of backend development experience or equivalent ability • Development experience using Spring Framework • Experience developing and distributing in cloud environments such as AWS and ability to collaborate through Git • Experience developing RDBMS, including MySQL • Basic Linux/Unix commands Ability • Those who are good at communicating with colleagues • Those who are interested in the technology stack to create a better development environment• Understanding basic computer science knowledge is also important. • Experience developing Linux-based servers • General knowledge of networks1. 4~15 years of Java Application development experience 2. API design experience in Spring framework 3.x or higher environment 3. Experience leading development projects with 2~3 or more people- Those with more than 3 years of development experience or equivalent skills - Those with simple and easy-to-maintain designs - Experience in back-end server development and operation - AWS experience - Those with experience in or studying Python/Django development - Large data management and Additional API development tailored to the service - Stable development experience through test cases - Code review experience - Log processing and analysis ability- People who enjoy writing structured and efficient code. I want to work with people who can communicate honestly while being considerate of each other to create good products. - Requires a balanced perspective that enjoys exploring new technologies while carefully applying them to the products our customers use. - If you enjoy growing together in a fast-growing organization and collaborating with members with diverse perspectives such as development, product operation, marketing, and sales, please apply right away!In order to perform the back-end product engineer role in Slog Up, the following requirements are required. Additionally, training is provided to strengthen work skills for the relevant requirements. - Those with more than 2 years of product development experience or equivalent skills - Those who can design effective databases - Those who can use Node.js / Nest Framework or who are comfortable learning a new language - Those who can design Rest API• Those who can use one or more programming languages ​​(C/C++ Go Javascript, etc.) proficiently • Those with at least 3 years of experience • Those with understanding of databases such as RDBMS NoSQL and experience with data modeling • Those with experience designing and implementing RESTful APIs • Those with knowledge of various programming paradigms and basic computer engineering • Those with teamwork, active communication skills, and excellent problem-solving skills• Those with more than 5 years of back-end experience or equivalent capabilities • Those who are familiar with Typescript and have OOP-based design and development abilities • Those with development experience in the Node.js environment • Those with RDBMS experience such as MySQL and PostgreSQL• Those who are capable of developing using or have an understanding of Python-based web server frameworks (Django Flask FastAPI, etc.) • Those who have solid basic knowledge of computer engineering with a focus on OS Network • Those who can use the cloud (AWS GCP Azure, etc.) Experience in building and operating services • Those who meet two or more of the following items - Have AI engineering experience in a cloud platform environment such as AWS or GCP - Have a good understanding of the Linux environment - Have an understanding of the container environment Person • Experience and understanding of design and development of REST API • 3+ years of backend development experienceI’m looking forward to this role. Finda dreams of providing banking services to 10 million people. We want to provide banking services by partnering with various financial institutions so that our customers can use the best conditions and products based on their data! • To understand company-wide goals and achieve them, proactively sets and proposes solutions to technical problems that need to be solved by the affiliated PG. • Design an architecture that can handle large amounts of traffic quickly and reliably without compromising usability. • Lead API development testing and operation considering service scalability, stability and availability. • Introduce an advanced team culture and improve processes to improve development efficiency.- More than 3 years of experience or equivalent capabilities - One or more programming languages ​​that can be used proficiently - DB modeling and API design/development capabilities - Collaboration abilities that comply with Mineice’s seven core values• At least 3 years of TypeScript/JavaScript development experience or equivalent capabilities • Experience developing projects with Nest.js • Ability to design RDBMS/NoSQL according to business requirements • Experience with web service architecture and RESTful API People with an understanding of • People with experience developing services with different characteristics- Those with more than 5 years of practical development experience using Node.js frameworks (Express.js, Koa.js, Nest.js, etc.) or equivalent capabilities - Those with experience designing and implementing RESTful APIs - RDB NoSQL, etc. Those with experience in designing and operating data structures - Those with network-related knowledge - Those with development experience in cloud-based environments such as AWS- Web application development and operation - Able to understand and develop Rest API - Able to understand and develop RDBMS NoSQL - Teamwork and smooth communication skills - Able to understand and develop Java (spring boot)- Those with development experience using Python Web Framework such as Django Flask - Those with more than 1 year of backend development experience or equivalent development experience - Those with experience with PostgreSQL or similar relational databases - Experience in REST API project design and implementation - Those who have experience using at least one of AWS GCP AZURE - Those who have experience collaborating with other job groups (parts) and the ability to communicate smoothly - Those who are skilled at collaborating using Jira Git Slack Notion, etc.- Experience: 5 years or more - Gender: Any - Anyone with a deep understanding of Java Spring Boot - Anyone who is comfortable with and can learn various back-end technologies - Anyone who understands the basic flow of web services• Education: Any • Experience: 2 years or more • Experience in Java development in a Linux environment • Experience in Java-based distributed processing system and big data system development • No disqualification for overseas travel• Node.JS • SQL • Linux• More than 3 years of backend development experience • Ability to develop using the Python language • A person who has scalable design and constantly improves code• Ability to build a RESTful API server using Java, C# or Node.js • jsp • Spring framework • MySQL• Those with more than 5 years of back-end development experience • Those with experience developing and operating services using Node.js • Those with a computer engineering major or equivalent major and knowledge • Experience in operating and developing E-Commerce services • A person with interest and knowledge in the latest E-Commerce architecture • A person with experience handling large-scale traffic • A person with experience designing, building, and operating services in cloud environments such as AWS GCP Kubernetes [Technology Stack] • Balan Mall - Front: plain css&jquery ejs - Backend: Node.js 14 MongoDB Redis MariaDB AWS S3 • Back office: Node.js 14 Vue.js Bootstrap-Vue Nuxt.js MongoDB Redis MariaDB AWS S3 • Search engine: Elasticsearch • Analysis: Google Analytics • Code management: Github BitBucket • IDE: WebStorm PHPStorm Intellij IDEA PyCharm • Tools: NoSQL Booster Heidisql Xshell WinMerge Medis Postman • Communication: Slack Notion Confluence Jira Service Desk • Monitoring: CloudWatch Opsnow Self-monitoring tool• Those with experience developing service platforms • Those with production-level Node.js-based development experience • Those with understanding of RDBMS and experience with data modeling • Those with experience managing versions using Git • Payment modules and members Experience with management modules- Those with more than 2 years of B2C B2B service development experience or equivalent skills - Those with a high understanding of Typescript and other programming languages ​​- Those with experience developing NodeJS (NestJS) REST API - Ability to understand and utilize databases Highly qualified - RDBMS or NoSQL data modeling and development experience - Someone who can quickly understand business requirements and skillfully design data models and APIs• More than 9 years of relevant experience • Ability to develop Java/Spring Framework • Experience in DBMS Data Structure design• Education: College or higher • Experience: 5 years • Experience in back-end server development and e-commerce solution development • No distinction between front-end and back-end developers • Person with understanding and perspective on product sales/distribution/settlement processes• At least 2 years of development experience • Strong basic knowledge of data structures and algorithms • Familiar with RDBMS • Familiar with using Docker・People with at least 3 years of web backend development experience ・People who understand Rest API and can develop APIs in a Restful way ・People with experience building RDBMS (MySQL MariaDB) and NoSQL ・Has the ability to communicate smoothly with related departments The person who did it(Python selection) Applicant qualification requirements ㆍAt least 3 years of Python-based work experience and an understanding of how to solve problems when they occur ㆍA person who highly values ​​and practices the importance of test code ㆍExperience in designing or developing RESTful APIs ㆍPeople who are familiar with the Linux operating system ㆍPeople who can communicate and collaborate well with various job groups such as planners, designers, and front-end developersThose with 5 or 7 years of backend experience, or equivalent capabilities Those with 3 to less than 5 years of backend experience Those with confidence and passion Those skilled in Spring Boot development/operation Ability to work smoothly with various stakeholders (front planning project owners) Those who are capable of collaboration Those who have experience developing ORM (Hibernate) Those who have experience processing large amounts of data using Kafka Those who have experience deploying container environments• More than 4 years of development experience • Experience in development using Java-based Spring Framework RDBMS (MSSQL, etc.) • Those with smooth communication and collaboration skills • Those with a strong will and desire to grow • Those who are not disqualified from traveling abroad- Those who are proficient in Python or Rust - Those who have manners but are confident in their opinions• Node.js development experience (5+ years) • Experience with back-end development using Kotlin • Experience with back-end development using Node.js• At least 2 years of experience • A person who can build databases and develop backends using the major technology stacks specified • A person who can quickly understand requirements and smoothly design data models and REST/Websocket APIsㆍEducation: Any ㆍ3 or more years of relevant experience ㆍExperience in projects using development languages ​​such as Java or Python ㆍHas knowledge of databases ㆍPeople who understand requirements and can design appropriate programs and DBs• Those who can develop in one or more of GO / Typescript + Node.js • Those who have an understanding of service development using RDBMS • Those who have a basic understanding of networks • Those who have experience developing REST API operation scripts • Blockchain and EVM • More than 6 months of blockchain-related development experience • More than 3 years of experience developing RDBMS REST API operation scripts• Experienced in back-end development and operation, with over 3 years of practical experience • Experienced in leading design and development of RESTful APIs • Experienced in conducting projects using NoSQL (Mongo Elasticsearch, etc.) • Experienced in conducting projects in Go language Person • Those with experience developing and operating services in an AWS environment • Those who are familiar with collaboration within and between teams with smooth communication skills [Backend Engineer recruitment process details] • Employment type: Full-time regular (no change in salary for 3 months of probation) • Work location: 2nd floor, 39-11 Itaewon-ro 27-gil, Yongsan-gu, Seoul • Recruitment procedure: Document screening ＞ 1st coding test (HackerRank) ＞ 2nd (On-site) technical interview - team interview ＞ Final Culture-fit interview ＞ Reference Checks ＞ Final acceptance • Documents to be submitted: Free-form, detailed career-based resume in Korean or English Answers to the required preliminary questions below (PDF file recommended) [Required preliminary questions] (Please write briefly about 2-3 lines for each question. .) • What are the applicants most looking forward to and concerned about joining Twelve Labs? • What do you think the applicant’s knowledge, capabilities, and previous experience can contribute to Twelve Labs? • What future career path or career goal do you have in mind at this point? • What are the applicant's criteria for selecting a company (three in order of priority) and motivation at work?- Those with experience developing Go-based commercial software in a Linux environment or with equivalent capabilities - Those with knowledge or experience in asynchronous and parallel processing programming - Those with a solid background in computer engineering, including data structures, databases, operating systems, and networks• More than 3 years of relevant experience • Understanding of post-C++11 standards and STL • Understanding of problem locks that occur in Multi-Thread • Understanding of IOCP network programming • More than 2 years of web developmentQualifications - Those with more than 2 years of work experience in Node.js and javascript/Typescript - Those with basic computer engineering knowledge (algorithm data structure OS network database, etc.) - Those with experience developing GraphQL REST API - AWS cloud deployment and Individuals with monitoring experience - RDBMS design and maintenance experience and intermediate or higher level of SQL usage ability• At least 5 years of server API development experience or equivalent capabilities • Development experience in the Python language ※ Please submit source code (Github, etc.) or portfolio that can confirm information such as conducted project studies.• Experience: 3+ years of backend development experience / No educational background • Experienced in python development • Experienced in building cloud-based servers such as AWS • Experienced in version management through configuration management tools such as Git • Able to communicate smoothly with developers and designers • Disqualifications for traveling abroad A person without• A person with more than 3 years of relevant experience or equivalent experience and skills • Java Spring Framework developer• Those with more than 5 years of JAVA development experience or equivalent skills • Those with understanding and experience using ORM • Those with understanding and practical experience with Rest API • Those with practical experience with Springboot Spring-jpa Thymeleaf jQuery • People with practical experience in web/web app development • People with the ability to configure and utilize a DB • People with the ability to set up and tune a web server • Experience in linking with other systems (payment API, etc.) • Technology-related planners/ A person who can communicate smoothly with non-developers, such as designers• Web application development and operation • Able to understand and develop Rest API • Able to understand and develop RDBMS NoSQL • Able to understand and develop Java (spring boot) source code• Looking for someone with between 5 and 7 years of experience. • We are looking for someone who has demonstrated leadership and worked on large-scale projects with multiple colleagues. • Look for people who can help colleagues grow to achieve their goals. • Look for someone who can understand the strengths and weaknesses of co-workers and assign work based on that. • We are looking for someone who participates in customer service development and has operational experience. • Looking for someone with experience designing application architecture for large-scale projects. • We are looking for someone with experience developing and operating services that handle large amounts of data. • We are looking for someone with experience designing and developing systems with MSA. • We are looking for someone with experience developing and operating Docker-based API servers such as ECS EKS. • We are looking for someone with experience in a well-equipped development and operation environment. • Looking for someone with experience in agile development methods.- A person with more than 6 years of server development experience. - A person with JAVA/Kotlin-based object-oriented design and implementation skills. - Those who have practiced TDD by thinking about efficient test cases and establishing test strategies. - A person who has experienced obstacles and solved problems. - Those who want to contribute to the company and grow together with their colleagues through code review and pair programming. - A person who is particularly good at communicating and collaborating with non-technical field experts. - A person with deep understanding and experience in major e-commerce domains.• More than 2 years of development experience or equivalent capabilities • Experience developing web servers based on Node.js (express nest) • Understanding of RDBMS (MySQL) and ability to write and optimize SQL • JavaScript (ES6+ TypeScript) • Restful API design • Version management using Git • CI/CD automation construction experience (Jenkins) • Experience using AWS or cloud platform (naver) services • Work experience using Docker • API for server rendering and client rendering for SEO• More than 5 years of server API development experience or equivalent capabilities • Experience building and operating B2C services • Interest in practical application of cutting-edge technologies such as large-scale data processing and multimedia industry • Desire to proactively find their own work, solve problems, and improve Will • Smooth communication skills ※ Please be sure to submit source code that can confirm information about your project, such as a portfolio or Github.- People with experience using PHP - People with knowledge of architectural style API (REST RPC) - People with understanding of design patterns• Can use Java language • Can use Spring Framework • Can understand database • Can use SQLI want to be with someone like this. • Those who have experience developing blockchain backends or possess equivalent technology • Those who have experience developing at least one type of blockchain smart contract • Those who are proficient in one or more of the following languages: Golang C C++ Rust Node.JS • AWS Git Linux A person with experience using systems • A person with experience using program development tools such as continuous integration, automation, testing and debugging • A person with the ability to acquire new technologies and development methods and apply them to solve problems- Possesses practical experience and development capabilities in Java/SringFramework - Practical experience in messaging systems such as RabbitMQ Kafka - Understanding of Linux server environment - Practical experience in AWS - Practical experience in MariaDB - Practical experience in Docker - Ability to use Git• Those with experience developing services using Spring Boot and JPA • Those with an understanding of RDB and OOP • Those with experience in configuration management using Git • Those pursuing TDD methodology- A person with more than 4 years of experience or equivalent experience - Django Rest Framwork (Python) + AWS EC2 + S3 - MySQL + AWS RDB - Docker + ElasticBeanstalk - Django Crontab Celery - Pandas Numpy• A person with more than 6 years of e-commerce-related back-end server development experience or equivalent capabilities • A person with a deep understanding of database schema design • A person who can explain one or more programming languages ​​for more than an hour • Self A person who understands the operating principles of the technology and library framework used • A person who can communicate openly even when criticized for the design I proposed and the code I developed • A person who has a service- and user-centered perspective and flexible communication capabilities • A team member A person who strives to grow together with others• Those with more than 3 years of experience developing commercial software based on Python or Go, or with equivalent capabilities • Those with basic knowledge of computer engineering, such as network OS data structures, algorithms, database distributed processing, etc. • Proactive in solving problems and resistant to introducing new technologies Those who do not have a job • Those who can enjoy working with colleagues from a variety of occupations based on smooth communication skills• I want to work with people like this - People with more than 3 years of backend development experience or equivalent skills - People with experience deploying/operating services using AWS cloud - Design and development of web service interconnected API (Spring Boot) - MySQL MongoDB Redis Those with experience in various databases such as ElasticSearch - Those skilled in configuration management through Git• More than 3 years of experience in Web Application Server development • Experience in Spring boot framework development • Ability to understand and develop RDBMS design • Ability to program in conjunction with MariaDB • A basic understanding and experience of Linux system networks • Ability to design and build Interfaces based on RestAPIㆍThose who have more than 10 years of back-end job experience or possess equivalent skills ㆍThose who are proficient in development in more than one language ㆍThose who can use collaboration tools (Git, etc.) ㆍThose who can set up and operate servers utilizing AWS ㆍ People who are not reluctant to acquire and apply new technologies ㆍPeople who can find solutions through communication when problems arise- Those with back-end (Java/Spring) development experience - Those with MSSQL experience - Those with front-end (HTML CSS JS) development experience• Java Spring Python-based backend development/operation experience • API development/operation experience through Spring Boot • Java-based batch programming • Configuration management (Git) Deployment management (Maven Ant) Deployment tool (Hudson Jenkins) configuration and management • Database Understanding and experience (PL-SQL DB design DB management)• Laravel (PHP 8.1) or CI • Mysql • Redis • Docker • Cloud service (AWS Azure) • Git• Able to develop PHP Laravel Framework • Able to develop Mysql MariaDB • More than 3 years of PHP development experience### These are the essential requirements for work. **This is a necessary technology for our product development!** - Node Js. Currently, most services are developed in Java, but we plan to develop them in Node in the future. - JSTL: Intermediate Level at which non-complex logic can be implemented - Spring boot: Advanced Level at which various plug-ins such as Spring Security and MVC architecture can be implemented - MyBatis: Advanced Level at which Persistence Layer and Query can be implemented and various DB Connections ### Tasks These are the requirements necessary to make it easier. **I think it may be necessary for efficient work!** - XML/HTML, etc. Markup Language: Intermediate level that can be seen, understood, and easily modified - Javascript: Intermediate level that can be viewed, understood, and easily modified - SQL: Advanced level that can be easily modified Level that can be used - Ant / Gradle/ Maven: Level that can be basically utilized - SVN: Level that can be basically utilized - Git: Level that can be basically utilized• Those with more than 3 years of backend development experience or equivalent skills • Those with experience developing APIs using Kotlin/Java Spring/Spring Boot • Those with project experience linking RDB/Redis • Basic RDB design and SQL queries Those skilled in writing • A basic understanding of HTTP communication Those with experience designing and developing REST APIs • Those skilled in using Git[Qualifications] - Those with more than 3 years of back-end development work experience using Python - Those with experience collaborating with clients (RESTful API, etc.) - Those with an understanding of the Django Framework - Those who can develop and collaborate through GitHub - Those who do not hesitate to give or receive feedback - Those who aim to share and communicate information based on documentation - Those who consider code reviews and writing test code important* It is possible to change some of the technology stack by discussion after hiring (you can build it in your desired environment after consultation) We are looking for people who: • 4+ years of back-end server development experience • Experience with Nest.js or Express.js framework and in the relevant ecosystem • A person with experience in directly deploying and operating services as a back-end engineer • A person with experience developing and operating services based on an understanding of RDBMS/NoSQL It would be good to have these types of people: • From product development to product delivery to customers • Those who have experience in delivering the information to others • Those who are interested in the latest technology and are interested in optimization • Those who have a basic understanding of OOP (object roles/responsibilities/cooperation messages, etc.) • Those who are fluent in team management and team members A person who is active in communication with- Javascript (ES6 ES7+) users - Those who can use database - Those who can develop Node.jsfh API server· 5 years of backend development experience or equivalent capabilities · Django Flask FastAPI experience · Experience using SQL NoSQL database · DevOps experience · Experience using AWS · Experience using containers k8s, ECS, etc. · Attitude to build up lessons through various attempts · Teamwork and communication A mindset that values ​​technology · An open mind that likes to learn new technologies and acquires them quickly.• Korean nationals with a bachelor’s degree or higher • Experience: 3 or more years of experience• A person with more than 3 years of web application back-end development experience • A person with TypeScript/NestJS development experience • A person capable of smooth collaboration/communication with related departments • A person who can diagnose problems and suggest the right solution • A person who can self-directly select issues and proceed with development • A person who can research necessary technologies and apply them to a team or service• Those with more than 2 years of AI/MLOps-related practical experience or equivalent understanding and skills • Those with experience developing Python-based web application servers such as FastAPI • Those with experience building services using container-based environments such as Docker • Applicants with senior level experience are also welcome.• A person with more than 5 years of experience in a related field • A person with a high understanding of database systems and SQL • A person with experience developing a back-end agent in Python, Java or other languages ​​• A person with experience in DB design within a project• No educational background required • Experience in web solution or homepage backend development• More than 2 years of experience in the relevant field• A person who understands and empathizes with Pixo’s mission and vision • A person with more than 5 years of node.js-based backend job experience • A person with typescript Kotlin/Spring development experience • A person with MSA architecture development experience • CMS ( Content Management System) • Those who enjoy solving difficult problems with optimal solutions • Those who can communicate and collaborate smoothly with team members from various job categories • Team performance is more valuable than individual performance • Person who wants to take the lead in creating a successful global service experience- More than 7 years of practical development experience or equivalent capabilities - Back-end developer who can utilize various approaches and solutions to various problems - Familiar with the following technologies - Java 8 or higher - Spring Framework Spring boot Spring Cloud JPA Other Java EE technologies - AWS - jUnit and test code writing library - Collaboration tools such as Git Jira Wiki• Experience in Java & Spring Boot development (3 years or more) • Experience in operating the backend of services where actual users occur • Person with an understanding of servers such as RDB (MySQL PostgreSQL)• More than 5 years of backend development experience • JVM-based object-oriented design and development ability and RESTful service development experience in the Spring Framework (Spring Boot) environment • Experience in using ORMs such as JPA Hibernate and domain modeling • Experience in database table design • Back-end server development and operation (DevOps) experience • Those with smooth communication and flexible collaboration skills • Those with version management and collaboration skills using Git • Those with experience linking various open source libraries • Computer engineering or related major Lee Shin • A person who is responsible, meticulous, and never neglects study.• Experience: 3+ years of back-end application design and development experience (able to work as a JAVA developer and design and develop DB) • Experience in RESTful API design/development using Spring framework (Spring Boot) and Node.js • Those with development/operation experience using RDBMS (MySQL, Oracle, etc.) • Those with the collaborative ability to define problems and find solutions with service planning/UIUX design/front-end parts, etc.- Those who are proficient in one or more programming languages ​​(Java C# C++, etc.) - Those who have experience developing server programs that process/control data in real time - Those who are interested in efficient database design and use - Those who understand the value of program standardization/modularization Those who can execute - Those who are interested in data modeling and visualization - Those who are active in acquiring new technology/knowledge and domain knowledge related to manufacturing systems is not a requirement - Those who have a high understanding of startup culture and take initiative in their work - A person who actively communicates and works with team members who have a common goal• More than 2 years of backend development experience or project implementation experience • Python Fast-API development • REST API development and operation • RDBMS operation such as PostgreSQL• At least 3 years of TypeScript / JavaScript development experience or equivalent capabilities (for experienced applicants) • Experience with Nest.js / Express.js framework and understanding of the corresponding ecosystem • Knowledge of the general architecture of web services and RESTful API Individuals with an understanding of • Back-end design and implementation experience based on understanding of Micro Service Architecture • Individuals capable of designing NoSQL / RDB Database to suit business requirementso More than 10 years of development o Those familiar with Javascript grammar o Those familiar with understanding and experience with Restful API o Those with experience developing back-end services o Those with experience designing and building REST APIs (using Swagger, etc.) (including API documentation) o Those who are familiar with Node JS with understanding and experience o Those who have the ability to collaborate and communicate smoothly with various job groups such as planning/design/operations• We are looking for someone with more than 5 years of development experience or equivalent capabilities. • We are looking for someone who has experience building and operating large-scale services using web frameworks (Django Spring, etc.) and RDBMS. • We are looking for someone with experience in reliably operating large amounts of traffic. • We are looking for someone who takes the initiative to create work and leads responsibly. • We are looking for someone who can define problems and find solutions together with other professionals.• Those with an understanding of OOP (Object Oriented Programming) • Those with experience developing and operating commercial services using backend frameworks • Those with understanding of RDBMS and development experience using one or more RDBMS • Proficient in FastApi development • Those with diverse experience in API design and development • Those familiar with version management and collaboration using Git and GitHub • Those with experience collaborating with colleagues such as front-end developers, product managers, and product designers• 3+ years of experience in DevOps or infrastructure field • Solid understanding of CI/CD Amazon S3 EC2 IAM CloudFormation and Route 53 and comprehensive experience with AWS • Secure infrastructure networking through AWS using various types of load balancers VPC subnets and Experience setting up routing tables • Strong written and verbal communication skills.• Those with more than 5 years of software development experience or equivalent experience • Those with AWS-based development experience • Those with experience in RDBMS / NoSql schema design and data management • Experience in CI/CD and troubleshooting to improve service quality • A person who understands under-engineering and over-engineering and can discuss appropriate target levels • A person who can actively communicate with colleagues in various fields• Those with more than 5 years of experience developing using node.js or backend development • Those with experience developing real-time services using WebSockets • Those with experience in TypeScript and NestJS • Those with experience in RESTful API development • Curious and diverse Those who enjoy creative thinking through experience and observation • Those who enjoy the growth of the company and themselves • Those who are interested in the startup ecosystem • Those who are capable of positive thinking and smooth communication• Experience in back-end development using Python (Django DRF, etc.) • Experience and understanding of design and development of REST API • More than 5 years of experience in back-end development and operation • Experience in and understanding of source management using Git • A person who can actively communicate through code reviews • A person who communicates well with colleagues • A person with a strong sense of responsibility [Request] Please attach a resume (including the required self-introduction). [Note] After passing the documents, a simple assignment test will be conducted.◆ Backend + Architect • We are looking for a senior developer with at least 8 years of BE technology development experience. • We are looking for a leader with a perspective on communication between FE and BE. • Experience leading development in a Kubernetes environment is required. • Technology leadership from the perspective of AA (Application Architecture) + DA (Data Architecture) is required. ◆ Technology stack • Node • NestJS • TypeScript • TypeOrm • Graphql • Keycloak • MariaDB • JAVA ◆ Environment configuration • GitLab • Nexus • Kubernetes • Docker • Argo CD • Istio • Loki• Those with 3 to 5 years of backend experience • Those with a bachelor's degree or higher in computer engineering or a related major • Those with experience developing web applications using Python • Those with RDBMS experience such as PostgreSQL • Experience using basic Linux/Unix commands Person with experience • Experience with version control systems such as Git• Those subject to special military service (active/supplementary service) • Those who have a favorite open source developer • Those who have a software project developed as a hobby • Those who strongly dislike redundancy (repetitive code, allocated memory, etc.) • Planners A person with good communication skills with fellow developers• Those with more than 7 years of Node.js development experience or equivalent skills • Those with an understanding of RDBMS (MySQL PostgreSQL) • Those familiar with collaborating using Git • Those able to communicate and collaborate smoothly with colleagues • Cloud Those who are familiar with the (AWS) environment • Those who have experience in server-side development and performance optimization using Node.js • Those who have experience designing and operating various database environments such as Mysql, Mongodb, Redis, Firebase Realtime DB, etc. • Those who have experience in Python scripting and Anyone with experience building a CI/CD pipeline using Docker•Experience building services in a container-based environment •Experience developing Python-based web application servers such as Flask FastAPI Django •Experience building systems using RDBMS and Elasticsearch, etc. •More than 2 years of back-end practical experience ※ Note : Submission of a detailed career description is required for the relevant position.I'm looking for someone like this - Development language - Service development experience using node.js (express.js nest.js framework) - Development experience using DB - RDB DocumentDB (mysql mongo) - Infrastructure - AWS Azure configuration and operation (maintenance) Remuneration) CI/CD configuration experience - Design and development method - Development experience applying DDD TDD CQRS - Web application development experience (SPA such as flutter react vue)• Those who adhere to software principles (SOLID ACID) • Pattern language speakers • Experience in NestJS-based software product development design and operation • Infrastructure management experience: IaC-based infrastructure expansion design implementation Experience in optimizing operation of SRE monitoring tools • TDD/BDD-based project operation Experience • Those who can communicate smoothly • Those who have experience leading projects or opening new services• More than 2 years of practical development experience based on Django (Python) • Django REST framework design ability • Experience with Docker Git-based CI/CD • PostgreSQL-based DB design ability • Experience using Gunicorn/nginx/celery/AWS (preferred stack)• Java & Spring Framework-based development experience (more than 5 years) • Capable of system analysis and design • RDB structure design and SQL development capabilities • Experience in RESTful API development and external API integration • Linux server practical experience • AWS server-related technology experience• More than 5 years of backend development experience • Those with understanding and experience using cloud services such as AWS GCP • Those with the ability to understand and design/develop the overall flow of web services • Those with experience developing and operating RESTful API servers • Engineering Those who have experience creating a team or acting as a leader • Those who have experience collaborating and communicating directly with various departments in a small team (planning, designer, operation, etc.)- Understanding of languages ​​such as Node.js Python - Basic understanding of RDBMS or NoSQL - Basic understanding of Git and Redis - Ability to use basic Linux/Unix commands - Experience in writing unit test integration tests * Supplementary service requires Level 4 of the Military Service Examination Test Only those who have received it can apply.• A person with more than 4 years of back-end development experience or equivalent project development experience • A person who understands business core and is able to design efficient data structures and APIs • A person with communication skills to convey their knowledge to team members • Node. Those with sufficient experience building web services using JS and AWS • Those who take on challenges for growth and enjoy doing so • Those who dislike inefficiency and want to improve it • Those who can be self-motivated and always try to learn • A person who can set goals and take initiative in carrying out work• More than 6 years of JAVA development experience • Spring SpringBoot development experience • Experience using javascript jquery json • Experience using configuration management using Git • A person with a good understanding of web services • A person who is free to share knowledge and discuss with colleagues• 4 to 7 years of experience • PHP-based development • MySQL or MariaDB modeling and development experience (SQL proficient) • Nginx Apache AWS LINUX development experience • High-capacity traffic environment development and operation experience • Node.js-based web server development experience (express fastify nestjs, etc.) • Build/test/deployment automation development and operation experience • RDBMS performance and improvement capabilities• More than 2 years of experience in server development (regardless of language or service) • People who are not averse to new technologies and can voluntarily learn on their own/together • People who are not averse to code reviews• More than 3 years of relevant development experience • Those with an understanding of Restful API design • Those familiar with collaboration using Git/Jira/Confluence • Those with an understanding of CI/CD • Those with an understanding of MSA architecture • Those with experience developing React vue.js • Those who can collaborate smoothly with other departments • Those who can work on a dispatched or permanent basis[We're looking for someone like this!] • Major: Related major • 5+ years of Spring development experience • Able to develop Spring Boot • Experienced in oracle • Able to develop JSP JavaScript Jquery Ajax • Able to use Mybatis • Have experience in Rest API development- Experience in launching and maintaining API servers developed in Node.js (typescript) + Express environment (2-3 years) - Experience developing in AWS cloud server environment - Experience in MySQL (Aurora) and MariaDB Those who can use procedures and query tuning - Those who majored in computer engineering or software or completed equivalent training- Regardless of education or gender - At least 3 years of web-based service development experience or equivalent capabilities - At least 1 year of Python-based backend API development experience or equivalent capabilities - Proficient in the Python (3.9+) language - Knowledge of the web Those with a general understanding - Those with a basic understanding of RDB and NoSQL - Those who can lead self-directed work - Those who understand team play and have good collaboration and communication - Those who can quickly and clearly technical specification of business requirements - Those who are not reluctant to quickly learn and apply new technologies - Those who are familiar with the open, sharing, and respectful agile culture - Those who are not disqualified from traveling abroad ＜Notes＞ - There is a probationary period of up to 3 months after joining the company (100% of salary) Payments). - If false information is discovered on the application, you will be disqualified or your employment will be cancelled. - There may be a reference check process if necessary.- 3 years of backend development experience or equivalent capabilities - Django Flask FastAPI experience - Experience using SQL NoSQL database - DevOps experience or equivalent capabilities - Experience using AWS - Experience using containers k8s ECS, etc. - Attitude to accumulate lessons through various attempts (Failure is also welcome!) - A mindset that values ​​teamwork and communication - An open mind that likes to learn new skills and learns them quickly• Development experience in Python-related platforms • Development experience based on OAS (OpenAPI Specification) • Common experience in building and operating a service environment using AWS • Experience in designing and building CI/CD distribution pipelines • Experience in agile projects• Those with more than 5 years of relevant experience • Those with experience developing web applications using the Spring Framework • Those with experience developing and operating services within a cloud environment • Those with development experience using object-oriented-based languages ​​(Experience) Submission of self-introduction is required. Failure to submit will result in disqualification from document screening)• More than 5 years of backend development experience • More than 1 year of organization/team management experience • Experience building or operating cloud-based infrastructure• Experience: 6+ years • Java 8 or higher / Spring Boot 2.x or higher / JPA-based development experience • RDBMS-based database utilization experience • REST-API development experience• More than 5 years of Java development experience • High understanding of overall mobile platform operation and development • Intermediate or higher level of business English proficiencyMore than 10 years of practical experience in a fast-paced engineering team. More than 10 years of backend service and web application development and operation experience. Experience in successfully building/launching complex high-performance and high-availability distributed services/systems. Experience in AWS environment and Java Spring Framework development. Experience building and managing mission-critical services based on high throughput and low latency• Those with less than 3 years of back-end experience • Those with a bachelor's degree or higher in computer engineering or a related major • Those with experience developing web applications using Python • Those with experience with RDBMS such as PostgreSQL • Those with experience using basic Linux/Unix commands • Those with experience in version control systems such as Git • Possess native-level English proficiency to enable smooth collaboration with overseas developers and multinational teams • No disqualifications for traveling/working abroad • Submission of language proficiency certificate required (select one) - TOEIC Speaking Level 8 or higher - OPIc AL or higher - If all classes were taken in English during a university education course (4 years), a transcript can be substituted.〓 I’m looking for someone like this! 〓 • Skills: C C++ PHP Shell Script • Experience in Linux system-based development • Person with consideration and personality to work happily with colleagues • University graduate (4 years) majoring in related field - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -• More than 3 years of Django development experience (senior) or more than 5 years (responsible) • More than 2 years of development using REST • More than 3 years of Git source management• More than 7 years of programming experience • Java SpringBoot development ability • HTTP (RESTful) API design- Those with more than 5 years of service development/operation experience or more than 2 years of team leading experience - Those skilled in server development using more than one language (Node.js Java, etc.) - Those with a high level of understanding of databases - Those with experience developing/operating services in a cloud environment - Those with RESTful API development experience and a high understanding of APIs related to virtual asset transactions - Those skilled in using version management tools (Git, etc.)- Experience building server development using Node.js - Experience using one or more RDBMS NoSQL - Basic understanding of RESTful API - Experience developing and operating in an AWS environment - More than 4 years of experience in backend development• More than 6 years of development experience • More than 3 years of Python web service development and operation • Experience in managing development team growth • Test-led development experienceㆍEducation: Any ㆍ2 or more years of relevant experience ㆍAble to develop in more than one language, such as Python C# ㆍA person with basic knowledge of databases and SQL ㆍA person interested in development in a cloud (GCP AWS Azure) environment• More than 5 years of experience in a related field • Experience building and operating an AWS or cloud backend environment • In-depth understanding of JavaScript • A person who aims for scalable development and is familiar with systematic code management such as refactoring and version control (Git) • In-depth understanding of CI/CD • Knowledge of or ability to acquire Node.js environment and libraries • Understanding and operating experience of SQL DB • Ability to monitor and identify issues • Basic English skills (reading, writing, and simple conversation) • Those who are not disqualified from traveling abroad • Those who are not restricted from military service[Education] Required college graduate or higher (4 years) Bachelor's degree in computer engineering or software engineering or related department [Experience] 7 to 15 years of development experience ㆍMore than 5 years of experience developing a service platform using Java ㆍExperience in data architecture/API design/framework construction DB logical design/physical design/implementation/operation ㆍExperience in developing program logic ㆍPayment function filter matching function ㆍExperience in developing B2C commercial service platform ㆍAWS RDS Codecommit Jenkis (CI/CD) 3 years of experience in ECS development and server operation more.• A person with 5-10 years of experience in web/app development • A person who can develop using SpringBoot Mybatis DBMS • A person who can analyze and design DB • A person with smooth communication skills• More than 3 years of Java Spring Boot-based development experience • Technology stack: Java Spring Boot PostgreSQL JPA Git Linux AWS• 3+ years of server-related development experience • Experience in MySQL table design and query optimization • Experience in automating CI/CD call distribution • Affection and obsession with customers Belief that better code can be created through communication within the team• Experience developing PHP Laravel framework • Experience designing and developing Restful API • Experience managing configuration using Git • Experience using MySQL or RDBMS • Experience building and monitoring a Linux-based server environment• Approximately 10 years of backend development experience • Deep understanding of at least one language among Java and Kotlin • Experience with Spring Boot Security Mybatis JPA-based systems • Collaboration tools (Git Jenkins Atlassian-confluence) and build management tools (Maven Gradle) User experience • RDBMS (MySQL PostgreSQL) database experience • Experience building/operating an AWS environment • Person with a strong will to solve problems and good communication skills• Those with at least 5 years of experience or equivalent capabilities • Those familiar with designing and building REST APIs using Typescript + Node.js + Express (or Fastify NestJS) • Deploying AWS (EC2 Route53 Cloudfront S3)-based services and Those with operational experience • Those with experience using MongoDB• Those with at least 8 years of Java or Kotlin development • Those with an understanding of RDBMS (MySQL PostgreSQL) • Those with an understanding of JPA • Those familiar with the docker environment • Those able to design the Spring Boot Batch framework • Those with knowledge of Spring Security • Those who are familiar with collaboration using Git • Those who can communicate and collaborate smoothly with colleagues, including planners, QA DEVOPS, etc. • Those who are familiar with the cloud (AWS) environment• Age / gender / education background is irrelevant • Those with no disqualifications for overseas travel Must have completed military service for men • Must have more than 5 years of development experience or equivalent experience • Sufficient technical understanding and experience of web/mobile services and their foundations • Those with an understanding of data structures and algorithms• Experience: More than 5 years of back-end system development experience • Education: Major in computer science/engineering or similar field • Advanced Python developer (required)- More than 7 years of backend development experience - More than 3 years of Python development experience - More than 3 years of service operation experience - Server architecture design experience - Experience leading a development group at a part level or higher - A person with good collaboration and communication• Education: College graduate or higher (Master’s degree preferred) • Experience: Experience (more than 1 year)• Those with more than 7 years of practical web service development (python java C#) and operation experience • Those with experience in all processes of planning, development, deployment and operation of actual services • Those with experience in designing and operating RDB • Data Lake DW related Those with design and operation experience • Those with experience developing and deploying Container (Docker Kubernetes)-based services • Those who can communicate smoothly for collaboration with team members with diverse backgrounds• Those with more than 4-7 years of backend development experience • Those with experience developing RestAPI using NestJS • Those with experience using AWS EC2 RDS (MySQL) S3, etc.• Those with more than 3 years of backend development experience or equivalent skills • Those with experience developing APIs using Golang Go Web Framework (Gin Fiber) • Those with project experience linking RDB / Redis • Basic RDB design and SQL Individuals skilled in writing queries • Basic understanding of HTTP communication Experienced in REST API design and development • Proficient in using Git• Requires the ability to optimize resources and implement requirements at an intermediate or higher level. • Development experience with TCP/UDP server-client communications is required. • Must be able to understand databases and queries such as SQL RDB and NoSQL DB. • 3+ years of relevant experience (required)We are looking for someone like this: • More than 5 years of backend server development experience • Someone with node.js experience and a deep understanding of the ecosystem • Someone with experience directly deploying and operating services as a backend engineer • Knowledge of Docker Kubernetes A person with experience developing and operating services based on understanding. It would be good if you were: • Experienced in everything from product development to product delivery to customers • Interested in the latest technology and optimization • Knowledge of OOP A person with a basic understanding (object roles/responsibilities/cooperation messages, etc.) • A person who is fluent in team management and is active in communication with team members• A person with more than 7 years of backend development experience • A person proficient in one or more programming languages ​​(Python golang C/C++, etc.) • A person with knowledge of RDB and REST API server design and development • Knowledge of Kubernetes through practical experience Those with basic understanding • Those with experience developing MLOps platforms (MLflow argo elastic search kafka, etc.)• More than 2 years of experience in server development (back-end) development • Experience developing applications using Golang • Experience with RDBMS such as Mysql / MariaDB • Anyone interested in writing unit test integration test code • Interested in basic HTTP operations Person • Micro Service Architecture Experience• College graduate • 3+ years of backend development experience • Experience using AWS • Proficient in DB design • Experience in web crawling development • Experience using collaboration tools such as Git • Experience in performance optimization • Positive mind and responsible attitude• A person with more than 5 years of web backend development experience • A person with experience using public cloud such as AWS GCP • A person with a strong interest in cloud technology stack • A person with a strong sense of responsibility • A person who takes initiative in carrying out his or her work· Those with development experience in Ruby on Rails · Those with development experience using RDB (MySQL) · Those with the ability to design databases · Those with proficiency in AWS · Those familiar with collaboration using git · Front-end developer work A person who can receive and distribute on a website[We are looking for these people.] • A person with more than 5 years of experience in JAVA and object-oriented programming development • A person with more than 3 years of experience developing web applications using Spring and Spring Boot frameworks • Designing various RESTful APIs and Those with development experience • Those with experience modeling business data by making good use of RDBMS (MySQL, etc.) • Those with the ability to use basic terminal functions required for web service development on a Unix-based OS • Can be used to communicate with internal customers A person who can actively participate with a positive attitude • A person who strives to improve capabilities to grow with the team and likes a culture of sharing knowledge • A person who feels burdened by writing and developing test code and discussing how to create good code If you don't have one [Please write your answers to the questions below on your resume and submit it.] • What kind of company do you think Wadiz is? Why did you want to join Wadiz? • Have you looked at what Wadiz is doing? If there is something you would like me to do when I join, please write it down.• Experience: 10 to 20 years • Rank: Team leader • Experience in operating large-scale services • Experience in JAVA Spring Boot development • Experience in Kubernetes operation • Experience in classic asp development• Those with experience developing backends based on Node.js • Those with experience developing strongly typed languages ​​such as TypeScript and Java • Those with experience using and designing relational databases such as MYSQL (MariaDB) / PostgreSQL • Those who can use basic SQL grammar, JOIN Subquery, etc.• Those with an understanding of OOP (Object Oriented Programming) • Those with experience developing and operating commercial services using backend frameworks • Those with understanding of RDBMS and development experience using one or more RDBMS • API design and development People with diverse experience • Experienced in test automation and test-driven development • Familiar with version management and collaboration using Git and GitHub • Experienced in collaborating with colleagues such as front-end developers, product managers, and product designers- Backend engineer with 3+ years of team work experience - Experience utilizing AWS Cloud - Understanding of RDB SQL and experience using ORM - Understanding and experience building a Docker container environment - Experience with version management and collaboration using Git• Those with more than 5 years of web/backend development experience • Those who can communicate smoothly with other people • Those with experience managing outsourced development • Those with experience in backend development such as Java (Spring Boot) and TypeScript (Node.js) • REST Those with experience in API design and development • Those with experience in RDBMS NoSQL design and development, such as SQL Server PostgreSQL Redis • Those with experience collaborating using Git• More than 3 years of development experience • Positive thinker • Active/smooth communication skills • Proficient in developing backend services based on Node.js or Nest.js• We are looking for someone with 5 to 10 years of development experience or equivalent skills. • Experience in database (RDB) design and backend server development** is required. • Development experience in a Java/Spring Boot environment is required. • Experience in server development based on WebSocket RESTful API is required. • Experience in designing, developing, launching, and operating user-targeted services is required.ㆍMore than 4 years of work experience ㆍAbility to develop using .NET (DotNet) C#• More than 2 years of express-based nodejs practical development experience • Understanding of HTTP cache websockets and debugging experience using developer tools • Experience in RESTful-based API design and development • Experience using mariaDB MongoDB preferred Stack • Data structure, network operating system algorithm, etc. Deep understanding of CS • Experience in understanding or tuning efficient index usage in databases • Experience in Docker Git-based CI/CD[Required Competencies] • Intermediate level or higher in JAVA Spring Javascript JQuery • Intermediate or higher level in RDBMS Query writing • A person who can communicate constructively with stakeholders • A person who is willing to learn new skills required for work [Experience required] • 10 years of experience ~ 14 years (Deputy Manager level)• Education: College graduate or higher • Those with more than 5 years of C#/Go/Java/Python/Hack language-based development experience and capabilities • Those with basic computer engineering knowledge such as data structures, algorithms, databases, and distributed processing • Web application development and Those with operational leadership experience • Those with proactive problem-solving skills and no aversion to introducing new technologies • Those who enjoy collaborating with colleagues in various fields based on smooth communication skills• College graduate or higher • 3 or more years of experience [Documents prepared for interview] -• More than 6 years of relevant experience or equivalent experience and skills • Experience using Java / Kotlin Spring Framework • Experience in RESTful API design and development • Experience in development/operation using RDBMS NoSQL• More than 3 years of backend development experience using Nodejs • Experience with data indexing or API integration using ELK • Javascript (ES6 or higher) TypeScript Python development ability• Those with more than 3 years of development experience or equivalent capabilities • Those with experience designing and operating systems with high availability and scalability • Those with experience developing systems that handle large-scale real-time traffic • Performance optimization and a person with experience in operational automation • A person who can quickly understand business requirements and skillfully design data models and APIs • A person with experience in Redis and Distributed Queue • A person confident in system design• Required competencies - Experience in developing API systems for mobile/web environments - More than 4 years of back-end server development experience • Submission materials - Resume written focusing on experience (free format / required) - Portfolio (written focusing on the six contents below / required) ) (1) What was developed? (2) What language was it developed in? (3) What parts were developed? (4) Who were the users? (5) What was your role? (6) What was the most difficult task?• Those with more than 5 years of service development experience • Those with experience developing API servers based on the Spring boot Framework • Those with experience quickly understanding business requirements and skillfully designing/developing/operating APIs • Experience operating RDBMS or NoSQL • Those who have experience in optimizing the performance of web services • Those who can self-direct work backlog and priority management• A person with more than 5 years of experience developing/operating web applications using the Python Web Framework (Django FastAPI, etc.) (currently still doing so) • A person with experience thinking from a customer perspective and developing and launching B2C services, as well as subsequent maintenance. minute.• Those with more than 8 years of back-end development experience • Those with a computer engineering major or equivalent major and knowledge • Those with Python programming language expertise • Those with the ability to utilize server development frameworks such as FastAPI and SQLalchemy • Numpy Those with pandas-based data analysis experience and capabilities • Those with RDBMS-based web application design/development/improvement capabilities • Those with experience in service design development and operation in an AWS-based environmentQualifications • Those with more than 5 years of platform backend development experience • Those with a high level of understanding of the overall work process, including ERD design and operation of services • Java Springboot (jpa security test, etc.) • Relational databases such as Mysql • Cache such as Redis Mongo DB NoSQL for performance • Configuration management tools such as Github • Collaboration tools such as Notion Jira Slack • Experience in AWS CI/CD cloud operating environment • Container-based resource operation (k8s ECS, etc.) • Able to communicate flexibly and proactively • 4-year bachelor’s degree ( Major in computer engineering or software engineering)• Able to work in Busan • 3+ years of experience • Experience in Spring Framework-based development• More than 3 years of backend development experience • Those with Java-based object-oriented design and development skills • Those with PHP experience or development capabilities • Those with experience using various open source libraries and frameworks such as Springframework, MyBatis JPA, etc. • Ability to design database tables minute• 8+ years of lead-level experience • Software product leading experience or equivalent capabilities • 3+ years of Python-based backend API development experience or equivalent capabilities • Lead experience in medical imaging software development • Front-end collaboration experience • Understand team play Those who are good at collaborative communication• Experience building backend services • Experience operating services using Docker • Node.js • Javascript • Sequelize • PostgreSQL• More than 3 years of java/ springboot/ jpa-based development • Experience in Rest API development • Experience in using git ci/cd• A person with more than 5 years of backend development experience • A person with the technology stack below 1. Language: Python javascript 2. Framework: Django fast-api Nest.js- Those with more than 3 years of back-end development experience or equivalent abilities - Those with experience developing servers in one or more programming languages ​​- Those with experience in identifying project requirements and leading collaboration with various job groups - Setting the goals of the entire team - Those who can select appropriate technologies, judge and implement appropriate technologies - Those who have experience in creating high-quality products within a limited time - Those who can communicate smoothly with front-end engineers and designers - Those who have a lot of concerns about architecture design - Those who value testing code - Those who like to constantly grow and acquire new knowledge• Total development experience: 7 to 12 years • High-level understanding and experience of one or more programming languages ​​(e.g. Rust Golang C CPP Python) • More than 4 years of back-end development experience • Contributed to and directly experienced service development and launching work processes • Experience and understanding of public or private cloud computing solutions (e.g. AWS GCP AZURE) • Ability to communicate and collaborate well • Have experience as a team leader or have the passion to take on the role of a team leader• More than 3 years of PHP (Laravel) experience • Experience using RDBMS such as MySQL • Person with an understanding of overall IT technology such as Server Network DB• A person with more than 5 years of backend development experience and team leading experience • A person with development experience using Java Python Spring Springboot Restful • A person with experience deploying clouds such as AWS KT Azure • A person with experience designing DBMS Cache Data Structure • Experienced in REST API development- 3 years or more - Those who are familiar with OOP development in PHP7 or higher - Those who are familiar with relational DB design and queries such as MariaDB MySQL - Those who can communicate smoothly with team members in various positions - Those who are interested in IT services - javascript (Familiar with ES6 grammar) Experience using jQuery - Experience using Git• Those who are capable of Spring framework • Those who are capable of e-government framework • Those who can implement MSA • Those who have database experience such as RDB NoSQL Redis • Education: Any • Experience: At least 5 years (Manager level)• Those with more than 5 years of backend development and service operation experience • Those with a good understanding of the Java technology ecosystem (Java/Spring/JPA) and interested in engineering capabilities (OOP/TDD/Refactoring) • Possess a business mindset and communication capabilities One person • A person with experience leading a small team and coaching and nurturing team members.• Those with basic knowledge of C# (.Net Core) • Those with more than 3 years of game server development experience or equivalent skills and experience • Those with good communication and passion among members • Career description and portfolio (source) Please submit code). (essential)• More than 5 years of backend development experience • Experience using Node.js Nest.js • Able to manage DB design tuning • Able to communicate well with related departments and colleagues based on collaboration tools such as Slack Notion • Data structure algorithm design patterns Those who understand the basic concepts of[We need someone like this!] - Those with experience developing Python-based APIs and backends - Those with an understanding of RESTful APIs - Those with experience managing code configuration using Git or similar tools - Those with experience using asynchronous (Thread) Person - Those with more than 2 years of experience above [This is a technology stack essential for work!] - Python - REST API - MongoDB - PostgreSQL- 3+ years of server development experience or equivalent ability - A person with a deep understanding of one or more programming languages ​​- Team play ability for smooth communication and collaboration[Team leader level] • Those with more than 5 years or equivalent system operation experience • Those with CI/CD operation experience in an AWS environment • Those with PHP-based development experience • Those with RDBMS development experience such as MYSQL Oracle • Git, etc. Those who are familiar with team collaboration using [Experience] • Those with more than 1 year of back-end development experience or equivalent • Those with PHP-based development experience • Those with RDBMS development experience such as MYSQL Oracle • Team collaboration using Git, etc. If you are familiar with ※ Please submit your portfolio.• At least 5 years of backend development experience / At least 3 years of blockchain service experience • Experience developing Node.js Express-based projects • Able to design target systems through plan and requirements analysis • High understanding of RDBMS and MySQL Those with experience • Those with experience developing and deploying in the AWS environment • Those who can share their knowledge and experience through code reviews, etc., and are interested in helping colleagues grow- Christian (those who attend church) - Typescript Nest.js and Node.js experience: Experience developing Nest.js and Node.js in real projects - DDD experience: Domain-driven design experience - Docker and Kubernetes experience: Containerization and Experience using orchestration tools - Understanding MSA: Understanding the concepts of microservice architecture - ES experience: Practical experience using event sourcing (Nats / Kafka) - SQL proficiency: Basic SQL database proficiency• Those interested in optimizing and upgrading their own code • 1-3 years or more of back-end development experience • Experience in Python and Django-based development • Experience in mobile web back-end development• Experience: 4+ years of backend development experience / Any educational background • Experienced in backend development such as Java Spring Node • Experienced in building cloud-based servers such as AWS • Experienced in version management through configuration management tools such as Git • Able to communicate smoothly with developers and designers • Those with no disqualifications for traveling abroad • Portfolio submission required• [Required] 5+ years of back-end development experience • Experience in development and operations using AWS • Experience in actively using test code • Experience in collaborating with various job groups such as planning/designer/operations • Early team building at startup experience- Those who are constantly interested in and utilize new technologies and trends - Those who have experience from designing the architecture of a complete service to infrastructure development, deployment and operation - Those who have experience managing infrastructure using AWS or other cloud environments - Datadog Grafana Those with experience monitoring through services such as Prometheus - Those with experience with development processes such as Agile Scrum Kanban- More than 4 years of development experience (team leader/team leader experience) - Experience developing large-scale services using MongoDB - Experience using MongoDB Atlas - Experience tuning MongoDB queries - Basic knowledge and development experience of RDBMS - Experience using AWS Git required (Python and Node.JS experience required [both]) - Experience developing services using Python Webframework (Django Flask Fast-Api) - Experience developing Rest API services using Node.JS• Possess basic back-end development skills (Java javascript Spring Boot JSP React Vue.js etc) • 5 to 10 years of relevant development experience • Experience in back-office/administrator/analysis area development • When submitting resume, please indicate final/desired annual salary Date of birth Include photo of description- More than 3 years of backend development experience - Development experience using Python and Django framework - Experience of agile development process using Jira Git - Experience using cloud such as AWS GCP - Solving difficult problems using challenging solutions Those who enjoy it - Those who can collaborate smoothly with team members from various occupations• More than 5 years of web development experience (or equivalent capabilities) • Experience in JS (Typescript)-based REST API development environment • Experience in AWS infrastructure management • Experience in ERD design and DB performance tuning• Those with more than 5 years of Python backend development experience • Those with experience developing projects using the AWS cloud • Those with experience in test automation and CI/CD • Those with experience in experiencing failures and solving problems • Consistently maintaining technical skills A person with a desire for growth• Computer engineering SW development major required • Those who have no problems collaborating at work• Those with more than 6 years or equivalent backend development experience • Those skilled in utilizing one or more Backend frameworks • Experience in building services and operating infrastructure using the cloud • Those with experience in optimizing large-capacity traffic and load management• Have a bachelor’s degree or higher in the relevant field or related major • Have practical experience or teaching experience in the relevant field or related field- Those with a deep understanding of blockchain, especially EVM-based blockchains, and project development experience - Those with development experience using the Rust programming language - More than 3 years of server development experience or equivalent skills- Those who have experience in achieving something with an unusual level of passion (work, study, hobbies, etc.) - Computer engineering major (or possess equivalent knowledge) - Backend development capabilities using Go or more than one language - Self Possess a proactive work style and logical communication skills - Possible to become a professional research staff member or change job - No disqualification for overseas travel• Have a bachelor’s degree or higher in the relevant field or related major • Have practical experience or teaching experience in the relevant field or related fieldㆍA person with more than 3 years of C# development experience ㆍA person who can communicate smoothly with team members ㆍA person who can set tasks and solve problems on their own- Those who are proficient in Python or Rust - Those who have manners but are confident in their opinions• More than 3 years of user-centered web service or search engine development experience or equivalent capabilities • Experience developing and operating PHP Laravel-based services • High understanding of API development • Experience in search engine developmentQualifications (more than 5 years of related experience) • Experience in Java or Python development • Experience in using web frameworks such as django/flask/fast API • Experience in development and operation in cloud environments (AWS Azure Naver cloud, etc.) • Design and use of RDB Abilities / Experience using Nosql • Experience and knowledge of CI/CD and developer flow * Ability to utilize modern PHP a plus• Those who are interested in boot camps, including developer employment • Those with excellent communication skills • Those who have completed back-end boot camp or have technical capabilities equivalent to higher • Those who work proactively with ownership • Confident to work diligently with a sense of responsibility Someone who has this• Education: Any academic background • Experience: 1 to 5 years • Experience with backend-related development languages ​​such as Go Language or Node.js is required. • Experience in data processing through Relational DB or NoSQL is required. • It would be good to have experience developing Restful API.- Those with more than 5 years of relevant work experience - Those with experience developing services based on Python/Django - Those with experience using at least one database among PostgreSQL, Oracle MariaDB/MySQL - Experience using Unix-like operating systems such as Linux Mac - Those with an understanding of web technology and REST API - Those with the ability to write code reviews and test code - Those with experience using Version Control CI/CD tools• Those who are familiar with or are passionate about TypeScript • Those who have experience building and utilizing cloud native architectures (AWS GCP, etc.) • Those who can design flexible databases • Those who are active in using new tool technologies• Experienced in Java development with more than 8 years of experience • Experienced in developing e-government framework version 3.1 version or higher • Experienced in API development and linked development • Person capable of performing work at public institutions in the metropolitan area full-time or partially resident (2-3 times a week) • Smooth communication with developers and designers Those who can communicate • Those who are not disqualified from leaving overseas• Those with web application development and operation experience with 2 to 10 years of experience or equivalent capabilities • Those with JavaScript-based design and development abilities • Those with RDBMS experience such as MySQL (Maria DB) • Ability to design database tables • Those with experience developing web services or APIs based on the MVC framework • Those who are not disqualified from traveling or working abroad• Flexible and effective communication skills • Major in a related department or certified as an information processing engineerWe need someone like this! - A person with more than 5 years of back-end application development experience - A person with no aversion to Python and the flexibility to not be tied to a specific language - A person with experience writing test code at various levels - Manage and manage products using Git and Docker Those with deployment experience - Those with experience building and operating services using public clouds such as AWS - Those who are skilled in communicating and collaborating with colleagues in various roles - Those who enjoy sharing knowledge with colleagues• Experienced in Go development and Linux development • Experienced in backend development for more than 2 years• More than 8 years of development experience • Experience using Python • Experience using Golang • Experience related to AWS• Requires the ability to optimize resources and implement requirements at an intermediate or higher level. • Development experience with TCP/UDP server-client communications is required. • Must be able to understand databases and queries such as SQL RDB and NoSQL DB. • 3+ years of relevant experience (required)• Those with an understanding of ES6 typescript • Those with more than 7 years of backend development experience • Those with experience designing and developing MSA using NestJS framework • Those with development experience using RDBMS and various NoSQL • Message People with experience implementing asynchronous communication using a platform (RabbitMQ Redis Kafka) • People with experience developing by introducing TDD into a projectWe need someone like this! - A person with more than 5 years of back-end application development experience - A person with no aversion to Python and the flexibility to not be tied to a specific language - A person with experience writing test code at various levels - Manage and manage products using Git and Docker Those with deployment experience - Those with experience building and operating services using public clouds such as AWS - Those who are skilled in communicating and collaborating with colleagues in various roles - Those who enjoy sharing knowledge with colleaguesWe need someone like this! - A person with more than 5 years of back-end application development experience - A person with no aversion to Python and the flexibility to not be tied to a specific language - A person with experience writing test code at various levels - Manage and manage products using Git and Docker Those with deployment experience - Those with experience building and operating services using public clouds such as AWS - Those who are skilled in communicating and collaborating with colleagues in various roles - Those who enjoy sharing knowledge with colleagues[Education] Bachelor's degree or higher (4 years) Bachelor's degree in Computer Engineering or Software Engineering or related field [Experience] 7 years or more of development experience ㆍMore than 7 years of experience developing a service b2c platform in Java ㆍExperience in data architecture/API design/framework construction ㆍDB logic Design/physical design/implementation/operation ㆍExperience in developing program logic ㆍPayment function filter matching function ㆍExperience developing a B2C commercial service platform ㆍAWS RDS Codecommit Jenkis (CI/CD) More than 3 years of ECS development and server operation experience.•6+ years of backend developmentEssential technical requirements include: • At least 5 years of back-end development experience • Obtained information processing engineer certification or graduated from a computer-related department • More than 3 years of spring framework • Understanding and experience of JPA (Hibernate) • Understanding and experience of Oracle and MySQL • Ability to design database models and query tuning • Experience with and understanding of how to use and operate Git • Experience with AWS cloud-based development and operation Develop and communicate using the following tools. • Configuration management and code review using Bitbucket • Work process management and collaboration using Jira • Development document management using Notion • Work communication using Slack and... • Ability to listen to other people’s opinions and express necessary opinions. A person who can communicate well • As a developer, it would be better if the person is less afraid of publishing and reviewing the code I wrote.• Implement development by communicating organically with the strategic planning and design department • Experience with version management and collaboration using Git • Experience with development and operation in AWS Linux (Centos) environment • Java Spring Framework APM (Apache php mysql )-based server development possible • Ajax Jquery development experience • DB design experience (MS-SQL My-SQL)• A person with more than 7 years of back-end development experience.• Those with at least 7 years of software development experience • Those with a bachelor’s degree in computer engineering or a related major or equivalent experience • Those with deep understanding and experience of the full cycle of technology-based product development • Think logically and structurally A person who understands and systematically analyzes • A person who can think strategically by defining, verifying, and applying problems on his/her own • A person who communicates effectively and thoughtfully with othersㆍPeople with more than 5 years of PHP/MySQL/javascript development experience or equivalent experience ㆍProficient in database design and use of MySQL (mariaDB) ㆍPeople capable of API-linked development ㆍPeople with experience in configuration management and collaboration using Git• More than 6 years of development experience in the commerce industry or equivalent capabilities • Node.js backend development and operation experience (Node.js 14.x ~ 16.x pm2) • Experience using various AWS services (ec2 s3 cloudfront rds, etc.) • MySQL DB design and management experience (table design, index query tuning, backup and recovery) • Experience using MongoDB • Collaboration experience through Git • Basic Linux management skills (basic commands, shell scripts, etc.) • Experience with external API integration / RESTful service development experience • HTML Experience in screen development using CSS JS, etc. and experience in using templates (Bootstrap, etc.) • Experience in participating from service design to development and operation• Experience in back-end development using Python (Django DRF, etc.) • Experience and understanding of design and development of REST API • More than 5 years of experience in back-end development and operation • Experience in and understanding of source management using Git • A person who can actively communicate through code reviews • A person who communicates well with colleagues • A person with a strong sense of responsibility [Request] Please attach a resume (including the required self-introduction). [Note] After passing the documents, a simple assignment test will be conducted.• We require someone with at least 7 years of C++ TCP/UDP socket server programming experience. • A person with multi-threaded processing/programming skills is required.Who do you need? The most important thing is the ability to collaborate! Our crew has built a culture of respect for each other while transparently sharing work details, so the ability to collaborate based on respect and trust is the most important. Less important, but quantitative qualifications are as follows: - Python FastAPI - MongoDB PostgreSQL - Serverless Framework Lambda - Docker - AWS EC2 S3 - CodePipeline Gihub Action - Swagger [Required Requirements] (Answer to 3 preliminary questions) Please fill out the following preliminary questions with your resume and submit the documents. . 1. This is a situation where two people, A and B, developed each feature and merged it into the develop branch. However, we decided to distribute only the features that A worked on. What is the correct way to use Git at this time? 2. Please tell us about any inconveniences you experienced while using RDB or NoSQL and how to improve them. 3. What are the considerations when converting a server composed of ALB+Auto Scaling Group+EC2+Fastapi to Serverless?︎• Total development experience 5 to 8 years • High-level understanding and experience of one or more programming languages ​​(e.g. Rust Golang C CPP Python) • More than 3 years of back-end development experience • Direct experience contributing to service development and launching work processes • Experience and understanding of public or private cloud computing solutions (e.g. AWS GCP AZURE) • Smooth communication and collaboration skills • Those who want to develop leadership skills to become a team leader with a sense of responsibility as a senior(Required) skillset • A person with more than 5 years of back-end development experience (or equivalent skills) • A person with expertise in Node.js • A person who is concerned about object responsibility and cooperation based on an understanding of OOP • Individuals with experience building and operating container-based infrastructure in an AWS/Linux environment • Experience developing and operating services based on an understanding of RDBMS/NoSQL (required) Mindset • Clear understanding of the authority and responsibilities of the leader position Those who want to achieve growth of their own team members through immersion as a leader • Those who pursue coding with their own philosophy while listening to diverse opinions • Those who have interest and passion for global services • Those who follow Korean trends Those who sympathize with and are interested in global growth • Those who do not limit their own capabilities and pursue radical achievement and growth rewards based on outstanding performance • Those who are capable of goal-oriented communication with stakeholders from a variety of backgrounds People • Those who define problems on their own and try to find solutions that take both users and business into consideration• A person with more than 5 years of experience developing/operating web applications using web frameworks (Django Flask FastAPI, etc.) • A person with a good understanding of RDBMS and Transactions • A person with good intuition about REST API design • A person who can solve problems encountered by users Anyone interested in finding and solving problems with technologyㆍEducation: College graduate or higher ㆍExperience: 5 to 15 years ㆍ Proficient in one or more languages, either FastAPI or Kotlin ㆍ Person with more than 5 years of server experience ㆍ Ability to utilize VCS such as SVN GIT ㆍ Writing documents related to SW development ㆍ Skill: Gradle Docker Git Node .js TypeScript Pythonpreferred• Experience with JavaScript TypeScript Golang Python • Experience with Azure GCP • Experience with search service development • Experience with Cassandra HBase MongoDB • Experience with MQ such as Kafka and RabbitMQ • Experience with Terraform Helm • Experience with Web Frontend Native Client DevOps • Experience with collaboration with external partners • Experienced in legacy system redesign and redevelopment • Experienced in large-scale traffic and large data processing • Experienced in open source development/contribution• Those with a keen interest in new technologies and trends • Those with know-how or equivalent experience in performance tuning • Those with direct experience in creating or operating large-capacity distributed processing systems • Cloud-based services such as AWS GCP People with development experience • People who always strive for better code and enjoy collaboration with colleagues from various fields• Experience using Linux/Unix • Possess CS knowledge equivalent to a computer engineering major【This type of person is better!】 - Those who understand MSA and have experience in development and design - Those who understand the domain of the service and have experience in domain-driven design - Those who aim for a culture of growing together with the team and sharing knowledge - A person with smooth communication skills for requirements analysis and collaboration with other developers• Those with experience developing services using Kotlin Spring • Those with experience with cloud computing, such as AWS • Those with experience with container virtualization platforms, such as Docker • Those with experience deploying AI servers using PyTorch SageMaker• Practical experience in the backend production environment • Understanding of KPOP fandom culture • Experience participating in open source projects • Experience in handling large amounts of traffic and large data • Those who can easily acquire development information through English• Those with experience developing services from scratch • Those with experience developing PG payment services • Those with a strong understanding of the Spring Framework • Those with experience operating and building services on AWS• Those with experience performing projects using Spring Boot • Those with experience developing functions using Kotlin • Those with deployment/operation experience using container-based technologies such as Docker Kubernetes • NoSQL such as ORM (JPA/Hibernate) and Mongo DB Those with design/development/operation experience in an environment • Experience in designing microservices • Those who have trouble sleeping when looking at technical debt [Other information] ※ Selection information Document screening - 1st interview (Live Coding) - Online personality test - 2 Whiteboard test - Reference check - Treatment screening/health check-up - Passed *When hiring for development positions at Olive Young, a technical test selection process is conducted. (Effective from October) *Interview methods and processes may change depending on the job. *If you pass the recruitment, a 3 month probationary period will apply. *If false information is found in the application, employment may be cancelled. *Document submission is only possible for one announcement. (Duplicate applications are not allowed) *Document screening closes at 23:59:00 on the closing date, so please pay attention to the timing when applying.• Those with experience in beauty projects • Those with experience in commerce projects • Those with experience in Agile methodology • Those with MSA experience • Those with experience in developing and operating high-performance, high-availability, large-capacity systems • Enjoy learning new skills and sharing knowledge Those who feel • Those who enjoy actively finding and resolving problems• A person who is active in writing test code and code reviews • A person who not only operates the service but also strives to continuously improve the structure • A person who has thought deeply about asynchronous/simultaneous/parallel/distributed processing and has experience applying it to the service • Anyone with an understanding of the entire process from initial design to operation and maintenance [Technologies used in Finda backend] • Java Spring Boot Maven/Gradle JPA (Hibernate) queryDSL Spring batch • MySQL Aurora Redis Mongodb Kafka • Git Jenkins ArgoCD ELK Grafana [Recruitment Journey] Document screening ＞ 1st interview ＞ 2nd interview ＞ 3rd interview ＞ Reference check ＞ Treatment consultation ＞ Final acceptance • Some procedures may change depending on the applicant’s experience and recruitment status. • Industrial technical personnel support available. (New transfer to supplementary station)• Those with experience developing services using Kotlin Spring • Those with experience with cloud computing, such as AWS • Those with experience with container virtualization platforms, such as Docker • Those with experience deploying AI servers using PyTorch SageMaker• Experience in data design tailored to your requirements • Experience in Kotlin gRPC development • Experience in implementing asynchronous applications • Experience in using Redis Kafka MongoDB • Utilization and understanding of AWS infrastructure • Development experience using Network I/O • Understanding of Linux systems• Experience in O2O (Online To Offline) service development • NodeJS practical experience (TypeScript) • Microservice-based development experience • Experience in handling large amounts of traffic and data • Experience in using RDBMS and NoSql such as Mysql MongoDB Redis DynamoDB MessageQueue• Experience in developing a WebSocket-based chat service • Competency in using containers such as Docker • CI/CD experience • Collaboration experience using Git • Experience in using Jira and AWS Selection process • Document review - 1st interview - 2nd interview - Treatment discussion - 3rd interview - Final acceptance ※ The selection process may vary depending on experience and position. ※ If false information is discovered in the application documents, employment may be canceled even after the employment has been confirmed. Selection details • Document review - Documents are reviewed based on the submitted resume (free format). - Only those who pass the documents will be notified by phone. • 1st interview - A job and personality interview will be conducted one-on-one with members of the department to which you applied. - It will be conducted as a face-to-face or video interview. - Regardless of whether you pass or fail, the results will be notified by phone or text. • 2nd interview - For the 2nd interview, we ask you to fill out our resume and take an online personality test. - Personality-focused interviews will be conducted one-on-one with executives/HR teams. - Regardless of whether you pass or fail, the results will be notified by phone or text. • 3rd Interview - The 3rd interview will be conducted through a written report or face-to-face. - In the case of a written report, only guidance on the procedure will be provided. - We will notify you by phone of the detailed time required for this procedure and the expected final announcement date.• Development experience in the AWS environment • Experience building and operating Kafka MQ systems • Experience developing MicroService Architecture • Experience designing systems and operating services for processing large amounts of traffic• Those with experience in TypeScript and NestJS • Those with experience developing real-time services using websockets • Those with experience developing container-based MicroService Architecture • Those with knowledge of cloud-based web service architecture • Data-based doctors People with experience building systems for decision systems • People with experience collaborating with various job groups and flexible communication skills • People with experience solving problems through learning new technologies • People familiar with working in a Slack Confluence Jira Git environment Person • Experienced in travel platform developmentPreference is given to those who meet at least one of the items below. - Those who have experience developing services in programming languages ​​such as Python, PHP, and Javascript - Those who have experience in understanding and using relational databases (MySQL) - Those who have experience developing web services using web frameworks - Those who have experience developing web services using web scraping APIs, etc. Those who have tried it - Those who want to grow in development• Experience operating services in an AWS cloud environment • Experience developing Typescript-based code • Experience using TDD and testing frameworks • Experience optimizing services to improve performance[We prefer people with this experience] • Those who are interested in proptech (owning their own building or renting is welcome) • Those who prefer improving software quality based on writing clean and test code • About development productivity and software quality People who like to think and solve problems • People who are interested in building infrastructure through AWS and DevOps • People who have experience finding and applying SaaS needed for a project • People who have experience updating versions of technology stacks such as Java, Spring, Spring Boot, and MySQL • Those who have experience discovering product problems and improving them on their own • Those who do not unilaterally accept planning requests and can suggest developmental issues for better service [I will inform you of Jaritalk’s recruitment process] • Documents Selection ＞Assignment Selection ＞ Working Interview ＞ Executive Interview ＞ Treatment Agreement ＞ Final Passing • Working interview can be conducted via video. [Please refer to this when applying for JariTalk] • Application documents: Free-form resume (required) Portfolio (optional) • Please write as much as possible about your career, project experience, and skills used. • There is no portfolio format, just provide your github account. • This announcement will close as soon as recruitment is complete. • If there are false information in your application, your admission may be cancelled.• A person with an understanding of NoSQL and experience in troubleshooting • A person with development and operation experience using Kafka • A person with MSA design/development experience considering an asynchronous distributed environment• A person with experience developing a service from scratch • A person with experience developing in conjunction with other systems • A person with a strong understanding of the Spring Framework • A person with experience operating and building services on AWS• History of developing commercial services • History of developing/operating services using MySQL • Proficiency in other languages ​​(C/C++ Node.jS Python Javascript HTML/CSS, etc.) • History of using other solutions (DB NoSQL other than MySQL...) • AWS usage/operation history • Payment service development/operation history • Large-capacity processing development/operation history • Honest and considerate • Familiar with collaboration and good communication[This type of person is even better!] • Those who enjoy sharing learning/development experiences • Those who are active in activities such as testing code and code reviews • Those with MSA experience • Lambda (Node) • Those with PHP migration experience [Main technology stack is as follows] • Java + SpringBoot (or Kotlin) • JPA + QueryDSL (or jOOQ) • AWS RDS (MySQL) Dynamodb • AWS ECS Fargate (or EKS) ECR • AWS ElastiCache (Redis) • AWS kafka (or SQS) [Mainly used work tools] • Jira Confluence Slack Git Docker IntelliJ IDEA VSCode Postman ▲ Please refer to the recruitment process • Document screening - Assignment screening - Face-to-face interview - Treatment consultation - Final acceptance• Those interested in MSA architecture • Those interested in ELK • Experience in ORM such as JPA/Hibernate • Experience in development and operation using AWS • Experience in building and operating a new API Gateway preferred • Experience in ERP system development/operation- Experience developing fintech or financial services - Experience using Naver AWS or other cloud services - Experience building and operating Kubernetes CI/CD - Experience applying unit testing and integration testing - Holding a computer-related bachelor's degree or information processing engineer certification● Experience developing/operating commercial services based on FastAPI/Spring Boot ● Experience developing/operating commercial services based on Oracle/Aurora MySQL ● Experience in AWS infrastructure utilization and deployment automation ● Experience in backend development and operation of large-scale services ● Web services through non-functional testing Performance improvement experience- Interest in virtual asset (digital asset) financial blockchain - Express FastApi Flask Django - ORM - API service - MSA architecture - Daeyongrang transaction processing - RabbitMQ Kafka - AWS environment• Those with experience developing based on AWS environment • Those with MSA-based development experience • Those with experience designing large-scale services • Those with experience collaborating using Git • Those with experience using Websquare5 RabbitMQ Redis • Netty TCP/IP Socket Those with experience in program development • Those with experience in asynchronous message-based development using SQS Kafka MQ, etc. • Those with experience in developing and operating Open API-based server systems • Those with experience in processing large amounts of data based on NoSQL • E-commerce domain Those who can understand and design systems- It is better if you have a computer-related degree. - It is better if you have experience developing financial or fintech projects. - It is better if you have experience building/operating services based on Spring Boot (Java Kotlin). - It is better if you have experience developing payment and settlement-related services. - It is better if you have experience developing in an AWS environment. - It is better if you have experience in large-scale traffic processing and high-availability processing development. - It is better if you have an understanding of basic data structures/algorithms. - It would be better if you can submit a Github link, portfolio (blog) link, or document. - It is better if you have experience sharing development knowledge (stackoverflow, personal blog, offline git, etc.). - It is better if you have a sense of responsibility for the product you participated in developing. - It is better if you have continuous concerns and efforts to develop high-quality software. - It would be better if you can speak English (or Japanese) at a business level.• Those with experience in utilizing and operating open source solutions (Apache Nginx Redis RabbitMq Spring Cloud, etc.) • Those with experience in developing and operating using Vue.js or WebFlux • Improving architecture, such as switching to MSA to solve problems with existing systems A person with experience in handling large amounts of traffic • A person with experience in troubleshooting enterprise server systemsIt would be even better if you have this experience. - Those with experience in cloud environments such as AWS - Those with experience managing code using Git-flow - Those who are interested in Reactive Programming such as Spring Webflux- Those with understanding and experience with Cloud Infrastructure (AWS) - Those with experience using Typescript React-admin Nest.js - Those who like soccer (sports) and are interested in sports data - Experience in designing and implementing data ETL systems - Those with a keen interest and understanding of efficient code - Those with experience actively improving team problems - Those with great interest and experience in work automation, productivity improvement, process improvement, etc. - Understanding of CI/CD and those with experience＜ People like this are more welcome ＞ • People who are curious about customers and interested in delivering higher value to customers • People who have experience in continuous service improvement and response to failures • Experience in designing, developing and operating a single domain from scratch Those who have • Those who wish to serve under military service special provisions (industrial technical personnel) • Active duty: transfer possible / Supplementary service: transfer possible for new transfers• Team training is conducted once every two weeks during business hours, allowing employees to work and study at the same time. Team ITEASY must know more to complete work quickly *__*! • Study operation Once a week, you can study topics related to development together. We discuss ways to help with personal development and study outside of work. • Code review During development, questions about the code are reviewed by the implementer or superior. Rather than a set review, you can listen to a detailed explanation of the code you need and are most curious about and talk about it together. • Development support We provide generous support, including server-related materials and books necessary for development. Do whatever you want at IT Easy. ■ Your personal life is also important, so don’t work overtime!! I consider how the work was completed within the given time more important than the total work time. • Staggered work schedule: You can come to work anytime between 8:00 and 10:00 and leave between 3:00 and 7:00! We place emphasis on efficient business operations by limiting employees to only 40 hours a week and allowing free commuting. • Fridays off (NolFriday) Once every two months, you can rest on any Friday you want without deducting annual leave! Taking personal time is also important for great growth. ■ A welfare system with which 96% of employees are satisfied. In the welfare system satisfaction survey conducted every year, 96% of employees responded that they were satisfied with ITG's welfare system! We are still constantly thinking about achieving 100% satisfaction. • Welfare benefits are paid in cash every month. • Year-end performance bonuses reward executives and employees with the company's profits created together. • Unlimited cafeteria snacks, coffee and drinks, including buns in the winter. • Headquarters activity expenses. Headquarters activity expenses that can be used freely, such as coffee for company dinners, are paid every month. • Certification acquisition incentives: We actively support the development of employees. Bonus congratulatory money upon acquisition! • Celebrate your birthday with birthday gifts, early work vouchers, and early work on the day of your birthday. In addition, we operate various welfare systems. • Company clubs • Free rental of company vehicles • Corporate condominium • Employee loan system • Holiday gifts • Congratulations and condolences vacation and condolence expenses • Child allowance • Recommendation system for excellent talent • Reward for long-term employees • Reward for excellent employee • Conference day- Those who can communicate in English - Those who have project or collaboration experience - Those who can communicate well with project managers[Preferences] 1. Those with experience using a JVM-based language such as Java or Kotlin 2. Those with experience designing and developing Restful APIs based on Spring Boot or Spring Framework 3. Domain in an ORM framework environment such as JPA Those with modeling experience 4. Those with experience designing or operating system architecture considering high availability and scalability• Microservice architecture (MSA) system development/operation experience • Public cloud environment (AWS, etc.) DevOps experience • Team leading project leading experience preferred • Script language development experience (php python, etc.) • Settlement system development experience preferred • Clean architecture or Those with experience studying and developing hexagonal architecture• Those with experience developing commerce domains • Those with experience developing in an MSA environment • Those with experience handling large volumes of traffic[It is even better if you have this experience.] • Those with experience developing systems based on Microservices Architecture • Those with experience using container-related technologies such as Docker Kubernetes • Those who can design and directly implement event processing methods such as Kafka Webflux • Large capacity People with experience designing and operating a DBMS for data processing • People with experience developing and operating cloud-based services such as AWS • People who like to share knowledge with colleagues • People who want to achieve their goals somehow even if they lack domain knowledge A person with a passion for doing something • A person with flexible thinking and the ability to communicate well with colleagues from other fields [This is how the Samjjeomsam Backend Chapter works.] • We conduct code reviews with developers working with the code written. • If a problem occurs or a problem is found, we share it without hesitation and work together to find a solution. • We have a culture of sharing new technologies and facts we didn't know about, even if someone else already knows them. • There are meeting times such as Code Time Backend Weekly, where we have time to share knowledge and seek advice. [We will inform you of the Samjeomsam recruitment process.] • Document screening ＞ Assignment test ＞ Practical interview ＞ Culture interview ＞ Executive interview ＞ Final acceptance • Some interview processes may be omitted or added depending on the applicant's history and experience. [Please refer to this when applying for Samjjeomsam.] ※ Application documents: Free-form Korean resume (required) Portfolio (optional) • Please submit the documents you submit in PDF format for smooth review. • This posting may be closed early when recruitment is completed due to rolling recruitment. • If false information is found in your application documents, your employment may be cancelled. • If you are disqualified from traveling abroad, your employment may be cancelled. • If necessary, the company may conduct a reputation check (reference check) based on the resume you provide. If you agree to this, please submit your resume. • A three-month onboarding (probationary period) will be conducted after joining the company. You will be paid 100% of your salary during the onboarding period.• Experience using AWS GCP cloud and K8S • Experience using Message Broker (Kafka, etc.) Memory DB (Redis, etc.) • Experience developing MSA-based services • Experience developing GoLang and GRPC • Experience developing mobility/logistics domains# I think it would be better if it was someone like this. - Those who are familiar with collaboration tools such as Jira/Slack/Zeplin/Notion - Those who have experience developing accommodation reservation services and management systems - Those who have experience integrating Saas/ThirdParty services such as Airbnb/Zendesk - Slow performance and repetitive tasks, etc. A person who always thinks about and takes action to improve inconveniences- A person who aims to be a full-stack developer - Experienced in trendy development such as Springboot MSA JPA - Experienced in business management and collaboration using Git - Ability to identify and analyze the cause of problems - Have good communication with non-development workers - Proptech development Those with experience or a strong interest in new business - Experienced in real estate services• Those who are capable of designing RESTful APIs • Those who have experience in service development • Those who are capable of SQL • Those who have majored in computer-related fields• Those with an understanding of the startup environment • Those who persevere in their work • Those with a sense of responsibility and respect for others • Experience with various projects (similar projects preferred)• Those with experience operating microservice architecture efficiently • Those with experience using DevOps-oriented technologies such as Jenkins Docker • Those with experience in processing and improving performance of large amounts of traffic through linkage with external services• Those with experience building and operating development environment infrastructure using AWS • Those with development experience in Java/Spring Boot environments • Those who can write and improve DB queries • Those interested in CI/CD and DevOps • Big data Individuals with or interested in analytics • Experience in developing high-traffic services and improving operations • Individuals with a degree in computer engineering • Experience in agile processes• Able to communicate smoothly with project team members and customers • Experienced in Git environment development • Experienced in using CI/CD • Experienced as an information processing engineer- Those who have directly selected and tried items on their own - Those who have developed and released services while communicating with designers - Those who feel joy in learning challenging and new things - Those who decide and proceed with tasks on their own rather than just doing the given tasks People you like (※ Preferential treatment is absolutely not required. Anyone who wants to learn and grow is very welcome!) (Full Stack CEO, a former Naver developer, will actively mentor you)• Those with experience operating cloud-based services such as AWS • Experience using NoSQL such as Redis and MongoDB • Those capable of database modeling and query tuning • Those with experience analyzing large-scale data • Those who can flexibly and actively solve problems in changing situations • Anyone with experience in development, launch and operation from the initial design of a service• Development experience in the commerce industry • Experience in MySQL DB design and management (table design, index, query tuning, backup and recovery) • Experience in using MongoDB • Experience in front-end framework development (Vue.js nuxt.js) • Understanding of Linux Web Server management scale Understanding out • As a computer engineering major, understanding of data structure, network operating system algorithms• Experience in system design and development for large-scale traffic or large data processing in the AWS environment • Experience in developing systems based on Microservices Architecture • Experience in developing services in an Event Driven Architecture environment • Experience in developing using NoSQL • Development of e-Commerce O2O OTA services Experience • Basic knowledge and experience with web/app front-end • High interest in or understanding of new technologies- Experience in back-end engineering and operation in a cloud environment - Experience in development and operation of container environments such as Kubernetes Docker• Those with experience in MSA design/development • Those with experience using AWS services • Those with experience managing Linux server infrastructure • Those with experience in real-time data processing • Those with experience improving database performance • Can fit regardless of job category People with active communication skills and quick execution skills • People who are interested in new work-related technologies and learn continuously and autonomouslyo Experience in launching services o Experience in building hybrid web/apps o Experience in building back offices o Experience in linking PG services and PG APIs o Experience in linking external APIs and data processing o Experience in cloud platforms (AWS Azure GCP, etc.) o Experience in microservice architecture (MSA) o Basic understanding and experience in a DevOps environment o Understanding container-related technologies such as Docker Kubernetes o Experience with NoSQL databases (MongoDB Redis, etc.)- We give preference to those who have experience collaborating with various job groups as a backend developer in a fast-growing startup environment. - Preference is given to those with extensive knowledge and experience in container-based cloud environment backend development and deployment. - Preference is given to those with experience designing fallback processing logic to minimize service latency and internal component/logic processing failures. - We are looking for someone who has close observation of continuous backend issue tracking system issues and active communication skills to resolve problems.• Experience in web development using Vue.js (WEB development experience) • Experience in global services • English reading ability sufficient to use Stack Overflow• Those with an understanding of functional programming and experience using Scala Clojure, etc. • Those with an understanding of concurrent programming and experience using Golang Rust, etc. • Those with an understanding of reactive programming and experience using Spring WebFlux Coroutine, RxKotlin, etc. • Mobile Those with experience developing native (Kotlin Swift) or cross-platform (Flutter React Native) • Those with experience building AWS infrastructure • Those with experience using the gRPC Protobuf protocol • Those with experience writing leading test code • Those with experience in artificial intelligence Those with interest and relevant experience [Recruitment Procedure] • Document screening ＞ Face-to-face interview ＞ Assignment screening ＞ Final acceptance- Those with experience in systems based on Microservices Architecture - Those with experience building data infrastructure in container environments such as ECS Kubernetes - Those with experience using SQL ORM - Those with experience building and operating data workflows• It is better if you are considerate of your colleagues and value teamwork. • It is better if you have experience in large-scale back office development. • It is better if you have experience developing/operating services in a cloud environment. • It is even better if you have experience developing and operating data analysis services.- Those with experience building and operating large-capacity data collection and aggregation pipelines - Those with experience building services based on high-volume traffic - Those with experience building and operating Public Cloud (GCP AWS)-based services - Those with experience designing the architecture of large-scale systems - Those who have contributed to open source - Those who have experience designing and operating MSA - Those who have experience developing and operating container-based services (K8S)• Those with experience in fintech companies • Those with experience developing Java-based high-performance services for processing large amounts of real-time traffic • Those with experience developing and operating services in a Linux-based server environment • Those with experience in back-end development in a Kubernetes-based MSA environment • Person with experience in building and operating asynchronous distributed services based on MQ GRPC • Person skilled in Python Go-based server development• Experience in time series analysis • Experience in configuring ETL pipelines • Knowledge of mathematical statistics at major level• Automation-oriented • Open source activity-oriented • Those who always think about testing • Those who are deeply concerned about software development • Those who have experience in development and operation of commercialized services• Have knowledge and experience with the Azure platform • Have experience with the C# language• A person with a degree in computer science or computer engineering • A person with expertise in Codeit’s development stack (described in main tasks) • A person who speaks English well (additional preference if Bilingual) • A person with experience working at an IT startup 【 Like this You will join 】 1. Document submission 2. Pre-assignment 3. Interview 4. Reference check 5. Joining • After reviewing the documents, you may be contacted by phone. (In this case, we will contact you in advance.) • We provide pre-assignments after passing the documents. We provide an assignment fee when you submit an assignment. • Interviews related to the algorithmic job culture fit will be held, and all interviews will be held at the Code It office for one day. • Reference checks are conducted after the interview. • Reference checks are carried out after obtaining consent from the applicant and providing detailed information in advance about the process and deadlines. Depending on the applicant, this procedure may be omitted. 【 Submission Documents 】 • (Required) Resume • (Required) Please tell us your motivation for applying to Code It. (*No character limit) • (Optional) Portfolio such as GitHub blog 【 Please refer to 】 • In case of full-time employment, there is a 3-month probationary period. • Depending on the results of the probationary period evaluation, the probationary period may be extended or employment may be cancelled. • You can apply as a military service exception (former industrial technical personnel newly transferred to supplementary service). • While I am in charge of developing the Boot Camp project, I will be working at WeWork in Euljiro as part of the Boot Camp Division. After the project is completed, I will be working at Signature Tower as part of the product team.- Those with experience operating WebRTC-based services and the ability to resolve issues - Those with experience designing/developing/operating billing and PG integration/settlement services - Those with experience developing websites for customer service - Effective schema design and query tuning Those who can do this - Those with experience in a container-based CI/CD environment - Those with experience in developing/operating large-capacity distributed processing systems - Those with experience in NoSql (MongoDB, etc.) - Those who can communicate smoothly with related departments - Ability to continuously learn A person with problem-solving skills• Computer/systems engineering • Those with IT or SI-related industry experience • Those with an understanding of the big data industry • Those who can communicate smoothly and have a good personalityㆍExperience in SPRING Boot development ㆍExperience in Git-flow-based development and build ㆍExperience in CI/CD-based development and build ㆍExperience in building RESTFUL API services ㆍExperience in configuring system architecture based on Docker MSA ㆍExperience in test automation and writing test code ㆍBased on Spring standard system Experience in development and open source ㆍExperience in using collaboration tools such as Confluence Jira Asana ㆍExperience in Agile Scrum ㆍExperience in Timeleaf JPA Keyclock ㆍExperience in development related to the education field ㆍExperience in Kafka-based large-scale stream processing preferred• Familiar with hexagonal architecture • Experienced in developing using ORM • Experienced in web server development using Node.js and Nest.js • Experienced in cloud infrastructure such as AWS Naver Cloud • Interested in or understanding of development technologies other than backend • Good communication skills A smooth person• Those with Netty socket programming experience • Those who take the lead in their work in a responsible manner • Those with more than 3 years of back-end development experience and experience with projects from start to finish • Those with experience developing and operating high-capacity traffic environments【Have you done something similar?】 It's good if you've dealt with SEMI protocols or industrial protocols, but even if you haven't, there won't be much difficulty if you understand the protocols. We're here to help. 【Have you ever led a project?】 If you have the ability to divide a complex problem into parts and clearly define and design unit concepts, you can help us a lot. If you are confident as a developer, enjoy learning new things, and take responsibility for your role, we welcome you with open hands.• Those who have an understanding of the e-commerce domain • Those who have experience collaborating using Git • Those who understand the nature and atmosphere of early startups • Those who are looking for work even without management • Those who use Node.js as a technology stack minute• Development experience using Spring (Kotlin) framework • Development experience using S3 ElastiCache Elastic Beanstalk Aurora-Mysql CloudWatch SES SMS Lambda • Experience using JPA • Experience of active participation in planning and design preferred • Experience working at a startup preferred • Experience in contributing to open source• Those with experience in designing, developing and operating commerce/education platforms • Those with experience actively participating in the entire web service product development process • Those with high-level capabilities and experience in large-scale real-time application/system architecture • AWS infrastructure Person with operational experience• Those with experience in Redis Kubernetes • Those with experience in developing large-scale services • Those with experience in the gaming industry • Those with experience in IAP development• Those with experience developing/operating systems in a Linux environment • Those with experience developing systems based on microservice architecture • Those with experience in automating build/test/deployment using Jenkins, etc. • Those with experience developing systems that handle large-scale real-time traffic • A person who can create services by communicating smoothly with planning and development members on various issues based on flexible thinking 【Development environment】 • Key technologies: Python JAVA Kotlin PostgreSQL Redis AMQP Kafka • Work tools: Git Gitlab MS Teams Jira Docker • CI/CD: Gitlab CI- Experience in blockchain service development and service - A person who executes quickly and analyzes efficiency without fear of failure• It is recommended if you are familiar with Django and DRF. • It would be good if you have experience developing in a cloud environment (AWS GCP, etc.). • It is best if you have an understanding of platform e-commerce services. [Technology Stack] • Python is mainly used for backend development. • Serve the backend API with Django DRF. • DB actively uses AWS Aurora (MySQL PostgreSQL). • Services are mainly separated into Python/Django Kotlin/Spring. [Recruitment procedure and submission documents] • Recruitment procedure: Document screening - Telephone interview - Pre-assignment - Job interview - Final interview - Final acceptance • Required documents to be submitted: Free format resume and career description (Please avoid hwp files.) • Optional Documents to be submitted: If you have a URL portfolio where you can check the code, please submit an additional self-introduction. [Notes on joining] • All positions except interns undergo a 3-month probationary period. • Salary and benefits are paid without discrimination during the probationary period. • If false information is found in your application documents, your employment may be cancelled. • Industrial technical personnel can be transferred to active duty or newly transferred to supplementary duty. Recruitment of professional research personnel is not currently in progress.• Those who enjoy content such as web novels and webtoons • Those who have experience designing DB considering business requirements • Those who aim for clean code • Those who have an understanding of MSA architecture • Those who have an understanding of Docker Kubernetes • Those who want to improve inefficiencies and have a desire for growth• Developer proficient in using one or more server-side languages ​​(Java Python GO javascript Kotlin, etc.) • Experienced in server development projects • Experienced in DevOps/development in Linux/Unix environments • Experienced in AWS Cloud• Those who have consistently worked to develop quality software • Those with the ability to collaborate with various job groups such as planning/design • Those with experience or no resistance to code reviews • Those who are familiar with collaborating using Git • Utilize AWS • Those with experience in development and operation • Those with experience in using ORMs such as JPA Hibernate and domain modeling • Those with knowledge or experience in domain-driven design (DDD Domain-Driven Design) • Those with experience in overcoming various obstacles- Those with experience using ORM - Those with AWS design skills - Those with experience in open source analysis and application - Those with knowledge of security vulnerabilities- Those who have acquired an information processing engineer/industrial engineer - Those who aim for active rather than passive work - Those who are active in communication and enjoy sharing knowledge - Those who aim for full-stack development[It is better if you have this kind of experience] • Those with more than 2 years of Node.js development experience or equivalent experience • Those who enjoy efficient database design service performance optimization • Interested in utilizing better back-end architecture framework libraries • Those with experience in CI/CD construction and operation • Those with experience in the full cycle of product planning, development, distribution and operation • Those with experience in back-end development through Python back-end frameworks (FastAPI, Django Flask, etc.) I want to work with my colleagues] • We believe that Nubi Lab’s developers are not technicians, but problem solvers who solve customer problems together with their colleagues. We want people who work with the mindset that developers, designers, and planners are all people coming together to solve a single problem. • I want colleagues who focus on solving problems through technology, not technology for technology’s sake. • I want a colleague who has the attitude to take the lead and overcome problems, even in the smallest details, whether technical or cultural. [Technology stack] • Node.js Nest.js Typescript Javascript TypeOrm MySQL mongoDB Python • AWS (EKS ECS ECR S3 EC2 RDS RedShift etc) • Slack Jira G-Suite Github Docker [Working conditions are as follows] • Work type: Full-time (Promotion period: 3 months / 100% salary paid) • Workplace: 6th floor, Deokmyeong Building, 625 Teheran-ro, Gangnam-gu, Seoul (3-minute walk from Samsung Station) • Working days/hours: 5 days a week (Mon-Fri) / 40 hours a week (8) 11:00 - 11:00 (hours to 11:00, flexible work schedule) • Treatment and compensation: Negotiated after interview based on individual capabilities and experience [It is better if you write your resume like this] • Please describe the most challenging experience you have had while working as a back-end engineer • ' Please describe any experience you have contributed to the product from the ‘user side’ perspective. • Rather than simply listing tasks, please also describe any impressive experiences you have during your work, such as the lessons learned during work and the parts you were most concerned about technically. [Recruitment Procedure] 1. Recruitment process: Document screening ＞ 1st phone interview ＞ 2nd practical interview ＞ Reference check & 3rd C Level interview • If you pass the 2nd practical interview, the results of the reference check and 3rd interview will be comprehensively considered to decide whether to proceed with treatment consultation. Please note that the reference check process does not affect the decision to proceed with a third interview. 2. Document instructions • Resume (required) • Portfolio GitHub address (optional) • Instructions: Please submit all documents in PDF format or link. 3. Interview Guide • 1st phone interview: A 1:1 phone interview with the HR Lead that takes up to 30 minutes. During the phone interview, you will be asked questions about your motivation for applying, your career history, and your expectations for the future. • 2nd working interview: This is a face-to-face interview with a working staff member and takes approximately 1 hour. We will review your work experience and job performance abilities based on the documents you submit. • Reference check: This is conducted using a platform called Specter to review the candidate’s capabilities from various angles. • 3rd C Level Interview: This is a face-to-face interview with the CEO. It will take about an hour. You will have time to talk about Nubi Lab's organizational culture, work style, and work experience. ※ The selection process may change depending on internal circumstances. ※ If there are false information in the application form, your acceptance may be cancelled.We prefer people with these experiences and thoughts • Those who think about good code and design • Those with smooth communication and collaboration skills • Those with systematic documentation skills[This kind of person is better.] • Ability to develop both JAVA and PHP • Experience in using various development and collaboration tools (Docker Jira Jenkins Slack, etc.) • Practical experience operating Linux servers • Practical experience configuring public cloud-based services such as AWS Azure • RESTful API Practical experience in design or maintenance developmentI want to work with people who have this type of tendency • People who develop while considering scalability and reusability, and are interested in building such a culture and development environment • People who pursue stable development by deeply considering various situations • Learn lessons learned during the development process People who want to spread the word within the team and grow together • People who are interested in the culture of the development organization, such as writing code reviews and post templates• It would be good if you have a master's or doctoral degree in computer engineering or a similar field (computation, electronics, mathematics, etc.). • It would be good if you have experience creating apps that operate in mobile environments such as Android and iOS. • It would be good if you have experience developing RDB (MySQL, etc.) or NoSQL DB (MongoDB Redis, etc.). • It is good if you have knowledge and experience with the Async concept. • It would be good if you are someone who completes work based on software engineering.• Those skilled in the back-end (Java17-JPA Python3-FastAPI) development environment • Those capable of both back-end and front-end development • Those capable of project management and leading • Those with experience configuring AWS infrastructure • Kubernates (k8s) Those with configuration experience • Those with DDD EDA design experience • Those with international logistics-related development experience• Experience automating deployments • Understanding security • Experience developing services for a large number of users • Experience designing MSA• Experience in project implementation using Spring Boot • Experience in developing functions using Kotlin/Java • Experience in deployment/operation using container-based technologies such as Docker Kubernetes • Understanding of ORM (JPA/Hibernate) • Experience in designing Microservices • Experience in designing Cassandra Mongo DB, etc. Experience in design/development/operation in NoSQL environment ※ Selection Guide Document screening - 1st interview (Live Coding) - Online personality test - 2nd interview (Whiteboard test) - Reference Check - Treatment screening/health checkup - Passed *Developed by Olive Young When hiring for a position, a skills test is conducted. (Effective from October) *Interview methods and processes may change depending on the job. *If you pass the recruitment, a 3 month probationary period will apply. *If false information is found in the application, employment may be cancelled. *Document submission is only possible for one announcement. (Duplicate applications are not allowed) *Document screening closes at 23:59:00 on the closing date, so please pay attention to the timing when applying.• A person with experience in designing large-scale service refactoring and migration failure response • A person with theoretical knowledge of related technologies such as image processing, DRM, security and encryption theory • A person with knowledge of SW engineering approaches for team development, maintenance and productivity Person • A person who is familiar with modularization of in-house libraries and has open source or commercialization experience• Ability to speak business English • People with many years of experience in developing, operating and managing backend services in operation • Experience in database performance improvement and design • Understanding of MSA development environment • Development/deployment/management of container (Docker)-based services Anyone with relevant interest and knowledge- Experience in blockchain service development and service - A person who executes quickly and analyzes efficiency without fear of failure• Experience linking AWS Cognito MediaConvert service • Experience connecting various external services (NCloud Firebase) • Experience in ECS dockerisze• It is better if you are considerate of your colleagues and value teamwork. • It is better if you have experience in large-scale back office development. • It is better if you have experience developing/operating services in a cloud environment. • It is even better if you have experience developing and operating data analysis services.Back-end developer preference - Those who can improve the structure of WAS implemented in JSP as an API server - Those with eCommerce project experience - Those with or able to build and operate infrastructure in AWS - Those who know and can use Linux kernel commands - CI Those who are interested in or capable of automating tasks such as /CD. Front-end developer preference - Those who can implement and apply figma output (color system, text system components, etc.) to development sources - Those with eCommerce project experience - tailwindCSS or styled- A person who can handle components• Understanding of advertising business • Experience in operating Python-based services • Experience in configuring and operating AWS infrastructure • Holder of cloud-related certifications＜ People like this are more welcome ＞ • People with curiosity about customers and interest in delivering higher value to customers • People with experience in continuous service improvement and response to failures • People with experience in advancing payment services • Products according to business growth Those who have solved various problems • Those who wish to serve as special military service personnel (industrial technical personnel) • Active duty: transfer possible / Supplementary duty: transfer possible for new transfers• Those with experience in turn-key projects through team projects • Those with experience building infrastructure using AWS • Those with a desire for self-improvement through experience with various frameworks • Those with experience collaborating with front-end developers Those with a good understanding of server work • Those with fullstack development experience or a basic understanding of Front-End• Those with experience or interest in Reactive System development • Experience using Webflux R2dbc Spring Cloud Stream technology • Those with domain design and development experience • Those who continuously refactor code and write test code • Troubleshoot service operation and various situations People with experience solving problems • People with development and operation experience using public cloud services (AWS) • People with system architecture knowledge and experience • People with experience in simple admin development using React.js • RESTful API design and those with development experience• Those with an understanding of SOLID principles • Those with experience building/operating a deployment system based on Docker k8s • Those who like a culture of growing and sharing knowledge with the team • Experience developing script-based server applications (submit code for review) Or you need to submit GitHub repository address)• A person with a high level of interest and understanding of subscription services/products • Experience in TDD (Test Driven Development) • Experience in using cloud environments such as AWS • Experience in building CI/CD • Experience in commerce (order payment, etc.) development • Documentation and Have experience using various tools • Have experience working at a startup• Those who are interested in renewal • Those who have experience designing DB according to business requirements • Those who understand the core of the business and are able to design efficient data structures and APIs • Those who have experience improving performance • Those who have experience collaborating with 5 or more developers • Those with experience developing and deploying containers (Docker Kubernetes) and public cloud environments (AWS GCP, etc.) • Those with experience learning or using the latest development trends, such as NoSQL message queue asynchronous programming• A person who is capable of user-centered logical thinking • A person with interest or experience in Docker / K8S • A person with experience using Typescript and Nestjs • A deep understanding of CS such as data structures, network operating system algorithms, etc.- Those with a master's/doctoral degree in computer science or cryptography - Those with development experience based on the NestJS framework - Those with experience developing Rust Golang - Those with experience developing WebSocket or socket.io - Those with development experience based on Docker Kubernetes - Those with Decentralized Identifier (DID) Verifiable Credential (VC) blockchain-related experience - Those with experience deploying/operating in cloud environments such as AWS GCP Azure - Those with experience writing technical blogs/documents - Ability to communicate in English A natural person• Those with experience in system development/operation in a Linux environment • Those with experience in build/test/deployment automation using Jenkins, etc. • Those with ORM-based development capabilities • Those who are active and passionate about learning new technologies• Have experience building/operating an AWS development environment • Have experience developing systems based on Microservices architecture Have a strong understanding of communication between services, such as REST • Have experience processing large amounts of data in distributed environments such as Spark/Hadoop • Those with experience in development of appropriate-sized big data (Kafka Redis Hive Hadoop Spark) applications • Those with experience in build/test/deployment automation • Those with experience in system monitoring and alarm configuration• Active self-development and ability to communicate well • Ability to utilize open source appropriate for business (thinking about technical debt, etc.) • Willingness to continuously improve code quality • Experience using Git Stack Overflow• A person who actively and autonomously communicates with colleagues and performs work based on a sense of responsibility • A person who can explain their thoughts logically • A person who has a strong will to grow their individual capabilities • A person who can participate in library production or open source People with experience contributing • People with experience using monitoring services• Experience in service development deployment and operation in AWS cloud environment • Understanding of Docker k8s container environment • Experience in optimizing high-volume traffic• Those with experience operating B2C services • Those with experience operating high-volume traffic services • Those with experience developing platforms for multiple services• Those who want to experience the culture of a fast-growing startup • Those who are interested in new technology • Those who have experience writing technical documents • Those who can communicate and document in English[Technology Stack] - Main technologies: Java Spring Spring Boot JPA Mybatis Gradle Maven Redis AWS Aurora MySQL AWS SQS RabbitMQ Python - Infrastructure: AWS - Work tools: Git Slack Jira Notion Intellij Docker - Code review: Github PR - Test build distribution: Junit GitHub Actions• Experience using AWS Docker • Department of Computer Science/Department of Software/Department of Statistics • Basic knowledge related to big data• Those with experience in SaaS-type services • Those with experience in frontend development • Those with experience leading the entire web service development process Joining journey Document screening ＞ Coding test ＞ 1st interview ＞ 2nd interview ＞ Joining • Coding test and 1 The primary interview will be held offline on the same day. • Details will be provided only to those who pass the documents.• Those with experience in SaaS backend design/development/operation • Those with communication skills to help non-developer members understand technical issues • Those who have worked hard for self-development • Those with experience in overcoming various operational obstacles•Those who want to develop based on TDD •Those who can exchange reviews comfortably and freely while respecting each other while conducting code reviews •Those who have the ability to freely modify and utilize open source code• Those with experience developing medical software • Those familiar with development and collaboration tools (Azure DevOps. JIRA Confluence Git NPM Figma) • Those with experience building and developing UI tests • Experience developing and operating services using AWS • A little sense of planning that can be developed without a detailed plan- Experience in blockchain service development and service - A person who executes quickly and analyzes efficiency without fear of failure• Those with experience working in a cloud environment (AWS Azure GCP) • Those with a keen interest in methodologies for high-quality software development • Those with experience designing system architecture • Experience in developing and operating Kubernetes or other container-based services • Person with experience leading a software development team- Those who have experience using a Python-based web framework (Django Flask FastAPI) - Those who have built and operated large-scale services using Django - Those who have experience developing in a cloud environment (AWS GCP, etc.) - Those who have used containers (Docker) Those with experience in service development and operation - Those with experience migrating monolithically implemented services to MSA - Those with experience in development/launch/operation from initial design of services [Technology stack] - Python Django pytest - Postgresql ( AWS RDS) Celery - Github Github Action Terraform - AWS - Fargate - S3 CloudFront Route53 - CloudWatch - The resume is free format and we recommend that the resume be no more than 2 A4 pages. - The resume includes build blocks and several questions to check the applicant's suitability. Please include the answers to your questions. 1. Please explain the main reason why you applied to Buildblock. 2. Please tell us about an example of a project you worked on that produced the most meaningful results. 3. How do you reconcile opinions with colleagues when there are differences of opinion? 4. What kind of growth do you want to achieve through BuildBlock?- Have practical experience in Spring framework (Spring Boot) - Experience in web application development and operation with at least 3 years of practical experience or equivalent capabilities - Experience in developing Spring Cloud MSA (Microservice Architecture) - Experience with Docker Experience with Message Queue - Multimodule Project experience - Experience with RDBMS such as MySQL (Maria DB) - People who like coding tests• Computer engineering-related major • Experience in operating large-capacity back-end service development infrastructure • Experience in O2O IoT service integration development • Experience in detecting and resolving failure and performance degradation through APM • Open source technology blog activity • Experience in using AWS• Those with experience building large-scale backend systems • Those with experience building backend systems using real-time data • Those with experience operating various types of databases • Those with experience developing GraphQL APIs• A person who can identify the cause of the problem and suggest a solution • A person who has experienced the full cycle of product planning, development, distribution and operation • A person who can design an architecture that takes scalability and performance into consideration • Write optimized code and queries Those who can efficiently process data • Those who are interested in utilizing better back-end architecture framework librariesㆍExperience in Java Python development environment ㆍExperience in Restful API development ㆍExperience in NoSQL ㆍExperience in AWS cloud environment ㆍMajor: Computer Science/Computer Engineering Applied Software Engineering Information/Communication EngineeringPeople with knowledge and skills related to video/audio processing People with a high understanding of mobile app UX/UI People with master's and doctoral degrees People with relevant work experience People who logically convey their opinions with evidence [Technology used] Framework: Ktor Spring Node.js django Hadoop Spark Other languages: Kotlin Java Typescript/Javascript Python Tools: Kubernetes Docker Tasks: Slack Notion Git RedmineㆍExperience in development and operation within the AWS cloud environment ㆍExperience in developing PG simple payment services ㆍUnderstanding of micro services and experience building APIs ㆍCommunication and work coordination skills * We are waiting for this person ㆍUnderstanding of the PG system and Those with experience developing B2B services ㆍThose who enjoy new challenges and logical problem solving ㆍThose who are interested in global business• Developers with a high understanding of the AWS environment and proficient in using Git • Developers who want to challenge new technologies such as STO and blockchain • Developers interested in learning/researching AI technology and mathematical statistics • Music Cow’s development team, including the development of value calculation technology, Expected Developer [Other] • Ability to work from home once a week• Those majoring in computer-related departments (including double majors, etc.) • Those with experience working at startups • Those with a keen interest in optimizing web/app performance • Those with CI/CD related experience • Those who value user experience and People who are very interested in improvement • People who are passionate about finding and solving problems • People who can create and lead a development cultureDeveloped by This Quiet, you can satisfy this craving. 1. You can experience leading everything from devising and developing features to solve problems to receiving customer feedback. We do not have planners separately create development specifications and drafts and deliver them to developers. Based on the strategy the team is currently focusing on and the corresponding KPIs, the development team members classify the problems that currently need to be solved from the AARRR funnel perspective and create solutions directly with code. 2. You can create products that are used by fellow makers in the industry. It is rare to find a company that creates products that fellow makers use. Or, there aren't many products that help people express themselves. This Quiet gives you the experience of creating products at this intersection. Our team members find fun and pride in designing and creating products that allow other makers to express themselves.• Those with experience in AWS • Those with a deep understanding of Computer Science knowledge • Those with open source development experience • Those who can select and design the optimal DB for the purpose based on an understanding of various databases• Experience in MSA (Microservices Architecture) development • Experience in AWS utilization • Experience in designing/developing/operating high-capacity traffic services • Experience in designing/developing/operating fintech/finance-related services • Experience in web front-end development • Experience in source management using Git-flowㆍExperienced with thymeleaf ㆍExperienced in DB design/performance tuning ㆍExperienced in operating AWS ㆍExperienced in using open source platform libraries**The items below are absolutely not required!** EasyTask aims to provide all members with the work they are best at. Preferential considerations are literally preferential and not mandatory, so please feel free to apply • Those with CICD experience • Those with Docker AWS experience • Those who enjoy learning new things • Those with actual service operation and development experience • Those who are good at communicating with others Someone who can respect and be considerate• Experience in cloud development environment • Experience in CI/CD development environment • Experience in creating deliverables • Experience in developing security solutions • Experience in various OS WAS DB environments• Experience in using Oracle • Experience in Spark development • Experience in front-end development • Experience in using Linux • Experience in using Git Jenkins • Experience in processing large amounts of data using ETL tools • Experience in using Docker- Those with experience developing services based on microservice architecture - Those with experience developing java/Kotlin/Spring framework boot batch servers - Those with extensive experience in related projects such as E-Commerce - Those with React development experience - DevOps (AWS) Those with development experience - Those with experience in concurrency control and performance tuning - Those with experience in test automation and deployment automation - Those with experience in developing and improving in-house products - Those with experience developing high-performance, large-capacity systems Who can submit a portfolio?Those who are compatible with the lower ZELLU technology stack - Core: Typescript Node.js Nest.js TypeORM - Infrastructure: AWS (Beanstalk EC2 Aurora PostgreSQL ElastiCache S3 VPC) Firebase (FCM) - CI/CD: Github Action - Logs/Monitoring: Newrelic Sentry AWS Cloudwatch■ Career boosters like this are helpful for quick driving (job adaptation). • Those with experience converting from NodeJS to SpringBoot • Those with webflux development experience • Those with SecureCoding development experience • Those with experience developing high-volume traffic services • Those with experience using Docker Kubernetes • Spring Security-based authentication Anyone with an understanding of service development and OAuth2 specifications• Those who prefer Kotlin over Java • Those who want to create best practices for good architecture such as Click Architecture DDD • Those who prefer or want to experience work methods such as Agile Scrum • Those with experience developing fintech or financial services • Kafka Redis experience • AWS Docker K8S experience• Experience with JavaScript SPA (Single Page Application) framework • Person who understands and sympathizes with React React Native's Separation of Concerns or Cohesion philosophy • Experience developing Nodejs Python MongoDB-based MSA (Micro Service Architecture) service • English communication skills (especially English documents) Comprehension ability: Since we mainly use the latest overseas technologies, there are often no Korean materials.) • Git portfolio: Experience contributing to open source packages written by ourselves • Experience with testing frameworks such as Mocha Jest or TDD (Test Driven Development) • MongoDB certificate holder• Those majoring in IT-related departments • Those with experience in back-end development in languages ​​other than Java (Python JS, etc.) • Those with an understanding of RESTful API • Those with experience developing services using Open API • Those with clear goal setting and performance A person with a sense of responsibility • A person who aims for flexible and highly readable code • A person with extensive code review experience • A person who can respond to large volumes of traffic• A person with experience working in various server environments, such as push servers and asynchronous server messaging • A person with experience building services using various AWS services (EB EC2 RDS VPC API Gateway Lambda S3 Elasticsearch Cloudfront, etc.) • DevOps methodology (CI CD People with experience understanding and applying GitHub Actions, etc. • People with experience responding to i18n for global services • People with experience in processing and analyzing large amounts of data (log service data, etc.)• Those who have directly opened an API to the outside or have experience linking external service APIs • Those who have designed/operated a highly stable and scalable system • Those who have direct experience with global startups and products • Work with remote team members or outsourced personnel Anyone with experience [Recruitment Process] Document submission ＞ Pre-assignment ＞ Job and representative interview ＞ Final acceptance • Pre-assignment: Relevant information will be sent via email and pre-assignment will be performed online at your desired time. • Job interview: This is an interview where the development team interviews you about the fit of your job skills and experience based on prior assignments. • CEO interview: This is an opportunity where the CEO directly introduces Yess’ vision and confirms the fit through conversation. • Notification of successful applicants: We make decisions quickly and deliver results quickly within a week. Both positive and negative share the why.• Those with smooth communication skills • Experience in designing and operating infrastructure using AWS • Those with experience developing corporate or internal management systems or with a strong interest in new businesses • Those with extensive experience handling large amounts of traffic • Experience in various development environments• Those with experience in MSA design and application • (or) Those with experience in developing membership/authentication systems • (or) Those with experience in developing product/billing systems • Those with experience in developing using document caches such as Redis • Domain-based design Those who are proficient in (DDD) • Those who have development experience using the node.js go language Working conditions • Employment type: Full-time (100% salary paid for 3 months of probation) • Work location: Post Tower, 60 Yeouinaru-ro, Yeongdeungpo-gu, Seoul • Salary conditions : Company internal rules and separate agreement Joining journey Document screening ＞ Coding test ＞ 1st interview ＞ 2nd interview ＞ Joining • The 1st interview will be conducted in the form of a separate assignment and code review. • Details will be provided only to those who pass the documents. Note • The selection process may change depending on the situation. • Only those who pass the document screening can take the SKCT (personality test). • This announcement may be closed early when recruitment is completed. • Recruitment may be canceled if false information is provided.- Those interested in Kubernetes - Those interested in Elasticsearch - Those interested in Kafka - Those with experience leading a development organization - Those with experience launching and operating platform services- Experience using Typescript NestJS - Experience using PostgreSQL MongoDB - Experience building a service with AWS and carrying out a project - Understanding event loop synchronous and asynchronousIt is even better if you have these capabilities - Those with membership management experience - Those with an understanding of the Spring Framework - Those with an understanding of cloud environments and Docker CI/CD - Those who can work happily while thinking about the service they want to create - The applicant A person who can appeal Plus Alpha• Those with experience in service design, development and maintenance • Those with test automation TDD CI/CD experience • Those with experience developing or operating services written in other programming languages• Those with experience starting a business or leading projects at a startup • Those with experience developing location-based service SNS services • Those with experience implementing payment systems • Experience collaborating with various job groups and flexible communication skills • Those with excellent code documentation capabilities for collaboration • Those with experience operating and improving services where the number of members is rapidly increasing ＜Documents to be submitted＞ • Resume (there is no separate application form, but please indicate your desired salary) • Portfolio • Personal project repositories such as Github/Gitlab (optional) • Personal technology blog (optional) ＜Recruitment procedure＞ Document screening ＞ Coffee Chat (Google Meet) ＞ Interview (face-to-face) ＞ Treatment consultation ＞ Final acceptance *The above procedure is for applicants only. There may be some changes depending on :)• Those with experience managing configuration using Git • Those with experience developing apps using Restful API • Those with experience building and operating web/apps on servers• Those who understand the importance of test code and write testable code • Those who have intuitive and practical API design skills • Those who have experience leading their own projects successfully This is the technology stack used by Markvision. • Kotlin Python • Ktor Netty Exposed Gradle • Postgresql MongoDB OpenSearch Redis • AWS Kubernetes (eks) • ELK Bitbucket pipeline Sentry Swagger• Experience in developing integration with reservation platforms such as airline accommodations • Interest and challenging spirit in new languages ​​and development• GIS 3D data processing experience • Geometry calculation experience • Cloud service experience such as AWS • Team lead experience • React.js or Django-based project experience • Able to learn on your own • Experience in founding or working as an early member of a startup - - - - - - - - - - I think you will be satisfied if this type of person comes. • Those interested in the real estate and construction market / proptech fields. • Those who enjoy solving difficult problems. • Those who want to define and execute the necessary tasks for the company's growth. • Those who are confident in implementing logical and intuitive logic • Those who are always thinking about ways to increase productivity • Those who think about priority of work first when choosing and focusing • Those who can learn new things quickly • Not only technical People who learn domain knowledge with passion • People who can definitely produce results once they start • People who want to create and improve culture and systems together- Those with experience using various AWS services - Those with experience building data infrastructure in container environments such as ECS Kubernetes - Those with experience designing and operating server system architecture that can handle large-scale real-time traffic - Processing various AI algorithms Experienced in building pipelines and improving performance - Experienced in development using Golang• Those with experience developing mobile B2C services • Those with experience using Typescript • Those with DevOps CI/CD experience • Those majoring in computer/systems engineeringㆍThose with TypeScript experience ㆍThose with basic understanding of cloud services such as AWS ECS ApiGateway Lambda RDS S3• Those with experience developing, launching, and growing new services or platforms • Those who can adapt to a rapidly changing and growing startup environment • Those with experience collecting cards or playing TCG games • Those who like sports such as NBA and MLB • Pocket People who like animation such as Monster Yu-Gi-Oh • People with a nerd personalityPreferential treatment is not required, but if you have experience with the requirements below, we will be a good fit. We also welcome those who wish to strengthen the requirements below. - Those who have a high level of understanding of the business and can implement the relevant goals - Those who have more than 4 years of product development experience or equivalent skills - Those who can solve problems rather than implement to achieve goals - Collaborate with designer PMs and A person who can communicate smoothly - A person with experience in the entire cycle from product A to Z - A person with leadership - A person with experience playing a large role in a small startup - A person with understanding and skills in performance optimization - TDD / Those who are capable of BDD-based development• Those with development experience with Vue/React/Angular • Those with development experience with Springboot • Those with development experience with ORM technology and JPA • Those with the ability to interface devices with industry standard protocols • Those with experience in Big Data AI projects • Those with digital twin design or project experience • Those with project PM performance experience • Those with experience developing corporate business solutions (ERP MES WMS CMS SCM) • Those who can develop in various programming languages ​​• Those with technical understanding and design of business requirements Those who are available• Those with experience launching and operating app services • Those interested in improving productivity • Those interested in fashion fashion trends• Those with full stack (mobile web) experience • Those with understanding and experience in user-centered design- Those with experience and interest in Cloud Infrastructure environments such as AWS - Experience in developing and operating high-performance, large-capacity systems - Ability to understand web standards and web accessibility in general - Experience in using web front-end frameworks (Vue React, etc.) - English proficiency• Those with experience in Java Spring Boot • Those with experience in MES system development • Those with experience in API integration development• Those who are interested in LMS • Those who are interested in services using WEB-RTC • Those with experience developing Kubernetes-based services • Those with experience developing MSA-based services• Those with experience in Open Source Contribution • Those who can carry out projects based on agile methodology code reviews • Those with experience developing Traveltech GDS B2B services • Those with experience operating/distributing services across multiple countries • Unit testing People who are interested in functional testing, end-to-end testing, build automation, and continuous integration • People who have experience in and solving problems related to performance and optimization＜ People like this are more welcome ＞ • People with curiosity about customers and interest in delivering higher value to customers • People with experience in continuous service improvement and response to failures • People with experience in advancing payment services • Products according to business growth Those who have solved various problems • Those who wish to serve as special military service personnel (industrial technical personnel) • Active duty: transfer possible / Supplementary duty: transfer possible for new transfers[It's even better if you have something like this! ] - Those who have experience using Spring Webflux - Those who have experienced problems that occurred during operation and have thought about and resolved them on their own - Those who can deeply understand and apply object-oriented programming principles and SOLID principles - Those who can write test code, review code, and provide positive feedback Those with an accepting attitude - Those with a self-directed passion to pursue continuous learning and growth• Those with experience in development related to electric vehicle charging • Those with experience in operating and managing various services running in the AWS Kubernetes environment • Those with experience in improving legacy systems and operating large-capacity systems • Experience in developing and operating B2C services • Web/mobile services Anyone who has an understanding of the general architecture of[Preferences]: Experience in developing specialized communications with financial institutions or other external organizations: Sufficient knowledge or design experience of microservice architecture: Sufficient knowledge or development experience in development of other languages ​​such as Java Python, C# C++, etc.: Linux kernel-related development Possess sufficient experience, development capabilities, or basic capabilities and willingness to take on challenges: Do something you like other than SW development, such as 'Using Arduino???' Anyone who is interested in 'scuba diving' and can share it with team members- Those with experience operating serverless commercial services - Those with experience implementing real-time chat services accessed by many people using WebSocket or socket.io - Those with experience in payment and VAN integration in growing services - Several Those with experience operating/distributing services across countries - Those with direct experience designing and building MSA• Those with experience managing large amounts of traffic/data • Those who are curious about new technologies• Those interested in project structure and design, such as clean architecture DDD • Those with experience deploying container environments such as Kubernetes Docker • Those with experience operating in cloud environments such as GCP AWS • Experience developing in event-based and MSA environments • Those with an understanding of data business • Those with experience in concurrency management and asynchronous processing• Those who feel they have a special talent for using ChatGPT • Those who like fast deployment and development cycles • Those who find it challenging to learn and use the latest libraries- Development experience in an AWS environment - Experience developing a Node.js-based web server - Experience in designing, building, and operating large-scale services - Experience in developing MSA (Microservice Architecture) and EDA (Event Driven Architecture) - Experience in improving performance and quality - Organizational technology and Experience in activities to continuously enhance culture【This type of person is better!】 • A person who understands MSA and has experience in development and design • A person who understands the domain of the service and has experience in domain-driven design • A person who pursues a culture of growing together with the team and sharing knowledge • A person with smooth communication skills for requirements analysis and collaboration with other developers• Those with managerial experience in a development team • Those with experience building Open API • Those with a degree in computer engineering • Those interested in code optimization and performance improvement • Those interested in improving work efficiency and automation • Those with experience working at startups People with experience • People who like or are interested in camping[It's even better if you have any of the following! ] - Those with development experience using Django & DRF & Celery Those with web crawling experience - Those with experience building infrastructure using AWS Those with direct CI/CD experience - Those with experience writing asynchronous programs - Those who have experience writing test code - Those who have experience with NoSQL Redis - Those who are highly interested in new technologies and fintech - Those who have experience working/interning at startups Those who are interested in the startup ecosystem and directly lead projects Who wants to• Those with experience using NoSQL (hbase) • Those with experience using message queues or brokers (Kafka RabbitMQ, etc.) • Those with experience using Redis• Those who have experience in collaborative development using Github • Those who can read PHP code and write new ones in Python • Those who have a basic understanding of web-based services and their structures • Those who are interested in new technologies and can apply them according to their work • Experience in financial system development- Interest and understanding of virtual asset (digital asset) financial blockchain• A person with more than 3 years of web development experience using Python and Django • A person with understanding and experience in database optimization • A person with experience configuring an AWS environment We are looking for someone with these tendencies or capabilities. • Those who like to think, plan, and grow together • Those who are proactive and have a strong sense of responsibility • Those who like and are interested in startups • Those with experience related to agile processes or startups • Those with smooth communication and collaboration skills• Those with a high level of understanding of blockchain architecture • Those who are not reluctant to introduce new technologies • Those who are comfortable with collaboration and business communicationThose with experience in server development using Node.js Those with an understanding of each platform (mobile, desktop, web, etc.) Those with a strong interest in conveying a clear purpose to users through interaction Those with the ability to recognize and solve problems through user research Anyone familiar with agile processes- Those with more than 5 years of server development experience - Those with MLOps experience - Those skilled in the cloud server development environment (GCP or AWS) - Those skilled in the Git Docker development environment• Those with an IT-related major • Those with experience using various collaboration tools (Redmine, Github, JIRA, etc.) • Those with experience using Docker • Those who are comfortable learning new technologies • Those with positive communication skills for business negotiations[We prefer people like this!] • People with experience in achieving results in fast-growing startups • People with a keen interest in new technologies • People with experience writing technical documents • Experience using collaboration tools such as Git Slack Notion • Anyone with CI/CD construction experience• Experience in broadcasting-related S/W development • Experience in Restful development • Experience in building systems using AWS services • Experience in network programming development • Experience in digital broadcasting/communication technical support • Holders of IT-related certifications or computer/server utilization skillsㆍThose who have experience operating services in an AWS cloud environment ㆍThose who are interested in launching and operating web app services ㆍThose who are interested in configuring architecture for efficient traffic processing- Those with experience developing systems based on MSA (Microservice Architecture) - Those with basic understanding of AWS EC2 S3, etc. - Those with experience in build/test/deployment automation - Those who can work with consistent productivity through self-management [Typical] Procedure] Document review ＞ Online aptitude test ＞ Interview ＞ Final acceptance (The selection process may change depending on the company's internal circumstances.) ■ If false information is found in the application documents, employment may be canceled even after the employment is confirmed. ■ Team field experience (logistics center) will be held for 5 days after joining the company.• Proficient in TypeScript • Experience in service development and operation in a cloud environment • Experience in handling failover in various infrastructure operating environments • Experience in processing and analyzing large amounts of data and logs • Personal blog Github and personal portfolio operated by an individual Those submitting • Those who can communicate and actively collaborate with colleagues from various job categories • Those who are interested in learning new language skills and enjoy sharing knowledge • Those who are concerned about creating better code through code reviews Person • Able to communicate in English• Experience in operating (utilizing) a Linux-based server • Experience in implementing jUnit test-based source code • Experience in using NoSQL (hbase) • Experience in using message queue or broker (Kafka RabbitMQ, etc.) • Experience in using Redis • Those with experience using Docker and container-based technologies • Those with experience developing IoT platforms (oneM2M ocf iotivity, etc.) • Those with a computer engineering major or equivalent major and knowledgeCommento explains which people are given preferential treatment. * Please read the information below and, if applicable, please write so that it is clearly visible. 1. Those with experience operating AWS 2. Those with understanding and experience of system architecture 3. Those with a high competitive spirit and the ability to quickly learn new things• Computer/systems engineering • Those with experience in business planning at a startup • Those in the IT or SI-related industry • Those with an understanding of the big data industry • Those who can communicate smoothly and have a good personality- Those with experience in developing and operating services for actual end users - Those with experience building AWS infrastructure - Those with experience in operating and developing artificial intelligence-linked systems - Those with various ideas for developing better usability improvement plans and culture - Constantly learning new things People who enjoy growing - People with logical and systematic problem-solving skills• Experience or knowledge of Node.js development • More than 2 years of experience in related field • Experience using cloud services (especially AWS) • Experience using configuration management tools (GIT)• Free use of vacation + unlimited (unpaid) vacation • Working between 11 a.m. and 6 p.m. for smooth collaboration with colleagues. - You only need to keep your promise of 40 hours per week, and members can freely adjust other hours. • Work from home twice a week and can work from home additionally upon agreement • Can work at a cafe at any time during the day (even if it is a general meeting, you can attend remotely from the cafe) • Spacious office / 180 wide desk with large drawer / electric standing desk available • Keyboard, mouse, monitor, top-of-the-line specs/personalized purchase • Software, hardware, office supplies, books, as many as you want • Good coffee, unlimited snacks, and unlimited beer • Light exercise available (exercise and rest area) • Light play such as puzzles and Lego board games available (purchased at company expense) ) • Official company dinner is held once a year (team dinner is held at a restaurant during lunch)• Those who understand Test Driven Development TDD • Those who have experience working on crawling-related projects • Those with MSA experience • Those who can utilize AWS services efficiently- Experience with design tool document creation tool (Figma Notion Jira Git) - Experience with startup IT - Experience with agile method development - Smooth communication and collaboration skills - Experience with developing and operating cloud-based services - Understanding and experience with PostgreSQL AWS Nestjs/Typeorm• Experience with backend server development and RESTful API is recommended. • It is recommended if you are familiar with the Linux development environment and basic development tools such as Git Docker. • It is recommended if you have the ability and experience to utilize cloud such as AWS GCP. • Experience with test building and continuous structural improvement is preferred. • It is recommended if you have experience using Kubernetes istio helm.[If you have this kind of experience, you will be given preference] • We will give preference to those who have the experience of thinking and developing to handle large amounts of traffic reliably and quickly. • Preference is given to those who have experience developing frameworks or common functions. • Preference is given to those with experience developing and operating cloud-based services such as AWS. • Those with experience in MSA (Micro Service Architecture) or EDA (Event Driven Architecture) or understanding of related technologies are preferred. • Those with experience developing B2C services based on the Spring Framework are preferred. • Preference is given to those who have industry-based domain knowledge such as supply chain management solutions (SCM) and smart factories. • Preference is given to those who are fluent in English conversation.• Experience in development/operation in the shopping mall platform content industry is preferred • Those who take the lead in work • Those who lead the team proactively and proactively with a young mindset • The best treatment in the industry (position salary calculated based on ability and potential, regardless of age)• Experience operating services using Docker • Experience operating AWS and cloud environment services • Experience with NoSQL such as MongoDBㆍ Experience in operating services that are actually used ㆍ Experience in using Python ㆍ Experience in using AI• Experience in operating large-scale services • Experience in commerce • Experience in AWS• A person who can understand and apply design patterns to code and is skilled in architecture design • A person who knows how to write clean code and is good at refactoring through code reviews • A person who has excellent communication skills and can communicate smoothly with related departments • Demonstrates leadership A person with excellent ability to lead team members• Those with experience in designing, developing and operating commerce/education platforms • Those with experience actively participating in the entire web service product development process • Those with high-level capabilities and experience in large-scale real-time application/system architecture • AWS infrastructure Person with operational experience • Person who is senior and capable of performing the role of middle manager• It is better if you have experience and a high understanding of the overall flow of fulfillment operations. • It is better if you have experience in e-commerce and Dongdaemun fashion wholesale market logistics. • It is better if you have experience in large-scale service and back office development. Like • It is good if you have an understanding of reactive programming coroutine. • It is recommended if you have an understanding of Hexagonal Architecture DDD. • Experience with Message Queue and ElasticSearch is preferred. [You can experience this] • Avery Fulfillment adopts the DDD development method due to the complexity of the domain and high performance requirements. Therefore, you can design the system with domain driven together with other developers and designers/PMs on the current team. • You can experience collaboration and growth as an engineer by receiving feedback in a variety of ways through engineers in your team and chapters. • Based on the Avery team’s mission, engineers can directly create business impact by participating deeply in domain/user dialogue/business design. [Technology Stack] • We use Kotlin / Spring Boot for back-end development. - Serve the backend API with SpringBoot. - We actively use Coroutine and Reactor - DB uses AWS Aurora (MySQL) • AWS is mainly used for infrastructure. - We utilize various services within AWS. - Use DataDog Sentry for Observability & Monitoring. - We use Github Action ArgoCD ArgoRollouts as external CI/CD and some other GCP services (BigQuery, etc.). [Recruitment procedure and submission documents] • Recruitment procedure: Document screening - Telephone interview - Pre-assignment - Job interview - Final interview - Final acceptance • Required documents to be submitted: Free format resume and career description (Please avoid hwp files.) • Optional Documents to be submitted: If you have a URL portfolio where you can check the code, please submit an additional self-introduction. [Notes on joining] • All positions except interns undergo a 3-month probationary period. • Salary and benefits are paid without discrimination during the probationary period. • If false information is found in your application documents, your employment may be cancelled. • Industrial technical personnel can be transferred to active duty or newly transferred to supplementary duty. Recruitment of professional research personnel is not currently in progress.• Those with experience using cloud services (aws ncloud azure) • Those with understanding and experience of web3 • Those with understanding of smart contracts • Those with experience processing fast responses or large-scale traffic• Those who will take the lead in problem solving for Project Exit • Those who have started their own business or have experience working at a startup • Those with experience building a system for a data-based decision-making system • Experience collaborating with various job groups Those with flexible communication skills • Those with experience solving problems through learning new technologies ＜Documents to be submitted＞ • Resume (there is no separate application form, but please indicate desired salary) • Portfolio • Individuals such as Github/Gitlab Project repository (optional) • Personal technology blog (optional) ＜Recruitment procedure＞ Document screening ＞ Kutch Chat (Google Meet) ＞ Interview ＞ Treatment consultation ＞ Final acceptance *The above procedure may be partially changed depending on the applicant:)- Those who have an understanding of the Go language and are able to develop using it - Those who have experience developing/operating services in an organization that standardizes and utilizes IDL such as protobuf across the company - Takes ownership of one service, releases it, and maintains it on an ongoing basis - Those who have defined and implemented asynchronous tasks using message queues in a distributed environment - Those who have experience developing and operating services using Elasticsearch• A person with experience in all stages of software engineering from the beginning of a service/project to the operation stage • A person with experience developing and operating commercial services using NoSQL such as DynamoDB • A person with experience developing and operating services in a serverless environment • Those with experience developing and operating services in a container environment • Those with experience developing and operating services with more than 500,000 DAU or 1 million MAU • Those with understanding and experience in domain-driven design [Documents to be submitted] • Resume [Recruitment] Process] Document screening ＞ Assignment guidance ＞ 1st assignment presentation and practical interview ＞ 2nd CTO interview ＞ Treatment consultation ＞ Confirmation of employment • During the process, the order of each screening may be changed or omitted, and a reference check may be performed. • Contract type: Full-time employee (3 months probationary period)[Preferences] • Those with more than 3 years of related experience • Those with development and operation experience using open source (Redis kafka ElasticSearch, etc.) • Those with development experience using test frameworks • Those with experience using cloud services (AWS GCP Azure etc) • Those skilled in using tools necessary for development and collaboration, such as Git Jenkins Docker • Those who want to find the best solution together as an engineer based on product standards • Those with experience using TypeScript • DB performance optimization and query tuning Someone with experienceㆍWork experience using AWS ㆍExperience in processing large amounts of data ㆍExperience in developing commercial app services ㆍActive in acquiring/introducing new technologies ㆍActive in code improvement and review• Experience in developing virtual asset exchange API data integration • Experience in handling large amounts of traffic and data• Welfare expense support • Vacation expense support • Communication expense support • Comprehensive health checkup support • Flexible work system • Leave work at 1 o'clock on the third Friday of every month/start at 1 o'clock on the fourth Monday of every month (*long weekend) • Overtime meal support and late-night transportation expenses • Others Self-development and education support • Vacation allowance upon long-term employment of 2 years• Those with experience launching and operating services • Those with a major or basic knowledge of Computer Science • Those with proficiency in one or more development languages ​​• Those with experience using ORM such as JPA • Those with experience in development and operation using AWS • Those with experience in development and operation using Kubernetes • Those familiar with the Linux environment • Those familiar with the Python language • Those with experience in build/test/deployment automation • Those with experience writing unit tests and integration tests • Service configuration and architecture Those with design experience • Those with medical image processing experience (DICOM PACS) • Those with global service development and operation experience • Those familiar with communication using ASANA Confluence Slack• Those who have designed, developed and operated services from scratch in the AWS cloud environment • Those who have experience developing using Flutter • Those who have led the entire web development process • Those who have a high level of understanding of databases • Those who are skilled in program maintenance management Those who have done it • Those who are skilled in version management using Github • Those who are familiar with development using various APIs• Those with more than 2 years of related experience • Those with experience developing service platforms • Those with extensive experience in Golang-based development • Those with experience in smart contract development • Those with experience in developing large-scale traffic processing and high availability processing - RDBMS or NoSQL development Someone with experience• Those who can develop C in Linux/Unix • Those who have an understanding of encryption/decryption • Those who can do C/S programming (socket programming) • Those who have experience using open source • Those who have development experience in a cloud environmentㆍBasic knowledge of Windows and Linux preferred ㆍPython development experience preferred[I prefer people like this!] • Those with PL job experience are preferred • Those with SI project experience are preferred • Those with MVC pattern experience are preferred • Those with distributed version management skills such as Git are preferred• We are looking for someone with experience designing and operating highly available, scalable systems. • Look for someone who has experience experiencing obstacles and solving problems. • We are looking for someone who has a strong attachment to service and works with the mindset of ‘my service’. • We are looking for someone who has a desire for continuous technological growth. • We are looking for someone who seeks a variety of technical experience.• Experience with mobile advertising, especially AdTech • Experience developing servers based on Ruby on Rails Spring/Kotlin • Experience developing and operating services that satisfy business requirements • Experience developing cloud (AWS GCP) environments • Someone who is good at quick execution and iterative improvement• AWS NoSql BigQuery experience • Experience reading various codes, including open source • Smooth communication with various job groups• Those with a strong understanding of the web service environment and development process • Those with a strong understanding of the backend framework - sprintboot node (nest), etc. • Those with Python development experience (django flask) • Interested in frontend development Anyone with experience or experience• Those who have a continuous interest in new technologies and trends • Those who have know-how or equivalent experience in performance tuning • Those who always strive for better code and enjoy collaboration • High understanding of game development Anyone who has○ Experience building and operating services using cloud (AWS GCP Azure NCP, etc.) ○ Experience in educational domain (service or platform) ○ Experience in DB design management (table design optimization backup and recovery)• Experience leading a development team as a Tech Lead • Experience in launching a B2B web service server • Experience in logging server development • Deep understanding of web development • Understanding of TDD • DevOps experience • TypeScript / JavaScript 【 Nears Lab’s main technology stack 】 • Front End: Next.js TypeScript • Backend: NestJS TypeORM Jest TypeScript • Infrastructure: Vercel AWS • Database: PostgreSQL 【Recruitment Procedure】 • Document screening -＞ Coding test -＞ Job interview -＞ Culture fit interview -＞ Treatment consultation -＞ Final acceptance • The [Application Form] is a free form, so if you have any data that can reveal your capabilities, please feel free to send it. • Only those who pass each procedure will proceed to the next procedure. 【 Employment Type 】 • Full-time employee (including 3-month probationary period)• Experience in performance tuning • Experience in creating large-capacity distributed processing systems • Experience in developing cloud-based services such as AWS GCP- Those with an understanding of microservice architecture (MSA) - Those who value the process of problem solving based on an understanding of computer engineering - Those who are not afraid of solving new problems - Those with insight into SNS advertising - Those with insight into video technology - Those with experience operating global services based on AWS - Those who are good at flexible and smooth communication- Those with object-oriented design and development abilities - Experience in developing systems based on Microservices architecture - Experience in HA (High Availability) design - DB query optimization abilities - Experience in using various open source libraries and frameworks - Proficient in using design patterns minute- Those with extensive experience in operational and deployment management for various service components - Those with deep development experience in data engineering such as data pipelining, text query/search systems, etc. - Those with great interest in AI technology and development experience - Utilize K8s A person with extensive experience in operating a service - A person who is active in code improvement and code reviewIt is better for people like this - Those with experience handling financial or blockchain-related data - Those with experience in developing ETL pipelines based on Airflow - Those with experience in real-time data serving based on Kafka/Flink - Those with experience in container orchestration systems such as Kubernetes Those with operating experience - Those with experience designing and operating infrastructure using IaC in cloud environments such as AWS GCP - Those with experience working in global payment support - Those who love “blockchain” data - Those who are not afraid of new technologies• Pytorch Tensorflow • Interest in latest platforms such as Github HuggingFace Gradio • Early stage ~ Series A startup experienceㆍThose with experience operating Kubernetes-based services ㆍThose with experience in various deployments in the AWS environment ㆍThose with the ability to develop in Python ㆍThose with no difficulty in searching/analyzing/applying technical documents in English- Experience with cloud server infrastructure such as Azure AWS GCP - Ability to design future-oriented yet appropriate for the current situation - Interest in, understanding of, and ability to criticize various technologies - Technology stack currently in use: - ASP.Net Core 5 (3.1 2.1 parallel) / Entity Framework Core / Azure SQL / Redis - Azure Cloud (App Service SQL Redis Storage CDN, etc.)• Project leading or team leader experience • Interest in system architecture (DBA) • Big data system development experience • Experience developing renewable energy power markets • Possession of electrical information and communication certification • Experience and understanding of startups• Those who aim for self-directed work • Those who have no aversion to introducing new technologies • Those who can create an efficient development culture together in a free atmosphere[Preferences apply only to former applicants] • Those with experience in SaaS backend design/development/operation • Those with communication skills to help non-developer members understand technical issues • Those who have worked hard for self-development • Various Those with experience in overcoming operational obstacles ☆☆☆[Required] Please enter military service special information when applying ☆☆☆ • New: Those who meet the qualifications for transfer to industrial technical personnel • When applying as a new military service special transfer, please enter military service information . ex) New military service assistant or Meister High School, etc. • Previous job: Those currently working as industrial technical personnel• Those with experience in data scraping • Those with experience in using caching tools such as Redis/Memcached • Those with experience in handling various databases, not just RDBMS • Those with experience in launching and operating global services • Participating in the development and launch of new services from the beginning Those who have experience • Those who have excellent teamwork collaboration and communication skills with people in various fields • Those who can create and express processes using development tools for collaboration • Those who can communicate effectively about issues- Those with experience working in a cloud environment (AWS Azure GCP) - Those with experience developing and operating Kubernetes or other container-based services - Those with experience deploying and operating machine learning models in a production environment - Those with experience in deploying and operating machine learning models in a production environment Anyone with development/operation experience in large-scale data analysis infrastructure and real-time stream processing - Experience contributing to open source• Those with experience developing commercialized services • A broad understanding of service development processes and API-based services • An understanding of data structures, network operating system algorithms • Those with experience using the Python Pandas library • Those with experience using Falcon FastAPI • OpenAPIs such as Swagger Experienced in developing basic RESTful services • Those who continuously think and refactor to create clean code • Those who can speak Japanese• Experience using cloud services (AWS Azure GCP, etc.) • Experience using DevOps CI/CD Docker, etc. • Experience using performance monitoring tools (New Relic ELK, etc.) • Experience with testing frameworks such as JUnit Mockito • Presentations at domestic and international conferences, writing technical blogs, etc. Communication skills • Experience in solving service failures • Experience in designing CI/CD pipelines- Experience in various projects using Django - Experience in understanding and using cloud infrastructure such as AWS GCP - Experience in understanding TDD methodology and developing based on it - Experience in developing and continuously improving a service - Building Data Lake/Mart and large data Anyone familiar with engineering• Those with good communication and collaboration skills • Those with experience thinking about structures for large-scale web services • Those who develop services with affection for the services they create • Those who are quick at system analysis and have a desire to improve• Experience developing commerce services • Experience developing payment or settlement modules • Experience using container technologies such as Docker Kubernetes • Experience developing MSA • Experience optimizing global service infrastructureThose with at least 2 years of backend development experience or equivalent capabilities. Those with experience managing infrastructure using AWS or other cloud environments. Those familiar with clean code testing code. Those with experience developing MSA architecture. Resistant to learning a new language. Someone who doesn't have one• Those with basic web knowledge and no aversion to new technologies (Able to use Python) • Those with experience designing and operating e-commerce services • Those with experience configuring project CI CD infrastructure from scratch • Those with experience using AWS Git-Flow• Those with experience developing and operating PG/VAN services • Those with experience developing and operating cloud-based services • Those with experience developing .Net-based services • Those with experience developing and operating OpenAPI services• Experience and capabilities in developing Node.js-based products • Experience and understanding of GraphQL • People who are interested in new technologies and strive for self-development • Experience in designing and developing large-scale traffic processing systems • Experience in MSA (Microservices Architecture) • AWS ( Amazon Web Services) experience • Understanding of version control systems and strategies • TDD (Test Driven Development) development experience • Peer Code Review experience • Various community and open source activities• Those with experience in JPA-based development • Those with experience in MSA-based system development • Those with experience in global service development • Those with a high understanding of RDBMS and NoSQL • Those with experience in processing large amounts of data • Those with experience in processing AWS cloud • Those who have experience building services • Those who can use React.js • Those who have experience using various Spring modules such as Spring Cloud Batch • Those who are active and proactive in collaborating with other teams • Those who are familiar with collaboration through jira slack, etc. minute(This is literally an advantage) • Experience in refactoring monolithic architecture into microservice architecture • Ability to utilize AWS • Ability to utilize Terraform • Experience in TDD (Test-driven development) • Experience in handling high educational service throughput • Startup experience • Agile/ Those with Scrum-related experience ＜Technology stack in use＞ (This is just a reference to let you know which stack is used within the company, and the technology stack below is not eligible for support.) DevOps - AWS - Docker - Circle CI - Datadog - Terraform Application - Django Rest Framework - FastAPI with strawberry - PostgreSQL• Those with experience in Java development • Those with experience in web/app application development • Those with experience in development, release and operation from the initial design of a service • Those with development experience in the AWS environment- I want to work with people who want to constantly take on technical challenges and share new insights and ideas gained while developing services. - If you have experience discovering problems and actively improving them, please write in your resume specifically which technology stack you used and to what extent you improved! - Please describe any experience you have had participating in the early stages of the service. - It would be good if you have experience using collaboration tools such as Jira Confluence.Those who have experience developing web applications using frontend frameworks such as React. Those who have experience developing MSA. Those who have experience leading an organization or mentoring members and growing together. Those who are familiar with or have work experience in a startup organizational culture. A person with a proactive work attitude who finds and improves areas deemed necessary A person who is active in sharing knowledge through code reviews and technical seminars• Experience in developing algorithmic trading strategies and operating actual transactions • Possess full-stack development capabilities • Experience working in early startups- Experience contributing to open source projects - Experience working in a fast-growing development organization - Experience using web frameworks based on other languages ​​such as Python or Go Ruby Node.js• Those who want to achieve something in the healthcare domain • Those who have taken the initiative to solve problems and make improvements • Those who have developed or similar experience in developing e-commerce-related services • Those who have tried to optimize costs in cloud environments such as AWS GCP • A person who has suggested process improvement or developed an automation solution without anyone asking for it for me and my colleagues who are struggling with simple repetitive tasks • A person who has established a new development team or led a development team • A person with open source development/contribution experience✔ It would be even better if you have this kind of experience. • Those with experience developing large-scale web services • Those with an understanding of test automation • Those with development/operation experience in the e-commerce field • Those who know how to handle container-based systems such as Docker • Task splitting, work time prediction, TDD, code review, etc. People who are familiar with agile culture • People who are not afraid of learning new development environment language skills and have a good learning curve • People who can collaborate productively with people in charge of each field through reasonable communication skills• Experience in designing and managing AWS infrastructure (API Gateway RDS ELB, etc.) architecture • Experience in C# kiosk programmingAWS experience[I would like someone like this] • A person with experience using Docker and Kubernetes • A person with experience in infrastructure operation and failure response ＞＞ Please submit the items below so we can provide a more detailed review and feedback! - Publicly available github / jsfiddle / StackOverflow accounts and similar service accounts - Open source project links and descriptions - Portfolios containing output related to public web pages developed or contributed to development, etc.• Those with experience in VAN/financial service operation and development • Those with experience in Pro*C development based on C language • Those with experience in IPC (Inter Process Communication) communication development • Those with Linux development experience Those with experience using shell scripts • Those with experience in TCP/IP network programming • Those with experience in architecture improvement and design • Those with experience in legacy system work conversion • Experience in DB design Experience in using Oracle Those with OLTP experience • Those with experience and understanding of Multi_Process• Those with experience in carrying out projects using the Nestjs Framework • Those who are familiar with AWS-based infrastructure • Those with experience in carrying out projects and operating services related to IT platform e-commerceㆍComputer engineering major or equivalent related major ㆍExperience in using one or more cloud services such as AWS GCP Azure ㆍExperience in using ORM and domain modeling such as JPA Hibernate ㆍExperience developing using Nosql (MongoDB DynamoDB, etc.) ㆍExperience in designing systems for processing large amounts of traffic ㆍExperience developing and operating using Docker and Kubernetes ㆍExperience in automating build/test/deployment ㆍHave no aversion to code reviews and the need to write test code Those who know ㆍThose with development experience in the Agile Sprint MVP unit development process ㆍThose with experience developing e-Commerce O2O services ㆍThose with understanding and experience of various software engineering practices such as MSA RESTful OOP Design Pattern Refactoring ㆍPeople with high interest and understanding of the fashion industry• Information processing engineer • Those who can design AWS are preferred• Those who are skilled in communication and collaboration and actively express opinions • Those who have experience operating live services and solving problems • Those who aim to write reusable and easy-to-understand code • Those who have experience developing using NoSQL DB • CI/ Those with experience building and operating a CD environment (kubernetes) • Those with experience building a monitoring log system and responding to issues • Those with a basic understanding of the front end (React) • Those interested in live broadcasting (Twitch) [Recruitment Procedure] Step 1. Submit application • Please submit your resume and portfolio. • The resume is free-form and just tells you how well you fit the position. • After reviewing your application, you will receive an email informing you of the results within one week. All applicants will be contacted regardless of whether they are successful or not. Step 2. Job interview • The interview is conducted focusing on the job, including capabilities and experience as a back-end engineer, way of thinking, and communication style. • Team members working on the development team participate. Step 3. Culture Interview • This is an interview to determine whether you sympathize with Trini’s vision and can adapt well to the culture. • The course lasts approximately 30 minutes to 1 hour with two C-level people. Step 4. Discussion on treatment • After passing all interviews, discussion on treatment will be held. • Treatment is determined through consultation based on individual capabilities.• Experience in TCP socket programming • Experience in linking with PLC (Raw TCP Modbus serial communication) • Ability to understand C++ and Event Driven GUI program source • Understanding of Endian Binary protocol • Understanding of Linux system • Major in Electrical/Electronic Computer Science graduate【Preferences】 It is even better if you are someone like this • It is better if you have experience using a variety of AWS functions. • It is even better if you have experience operating a NoSQL-based DB. • Anyone with experience in operating blockchain nodes, writing blockchain contracts, and building CI is welcome. • Anyone with DevOps engineer experience is especially welcome.• Those with experience developing languages ​​other than PHP • Those with experience developing programs using Python • Those with AWS Cloud experience • Those who can communicate smoothly with various job groups- Those with a strong understanding of object-oriented development and test writing - Those with MSA-based development/operation experience - Those with RESTful API design/development experience - Those with experience working on media-related projects*Up to double annual salary increase and high level of stock option upside provided 1. Good colleagues - Members are smarter and more passionate than anyone else in each field. - You can work with colleagues who are talented and good enough to win ETH San Francisco 2022. - We work with members who are constantly studying and thinking about blockchain and technology. 2. Free working environment - We implement a flexible work system. {Fixed from 11 a.m. to 5 p.m. / Lunch: 1 p.m. / Total of 8 hours (excluding lunch time)} - You may freely use annual leave without approval as long as it does not interfere with work. - You can freely work from home once a week. 3. Generous support for personal growth - unlimited book costs are provided. - We support lecture costs. - Supports participation in conference hackathons. 4. Support for all expenses required for work - unlimited lunch expenses are provided. - Unlimited snacks are provided during working hours. - We provide support for dinner and taxi fare when working overtime. - Supports all devices needed for work.ㆍPeople with experience developing healthcare-related platforms or apps ㆍPeople with know-how or equivalent experience in performance tuning ㆍPeople with experience using DevOps ㆍPeople who are proactive and passionate about their work ㆍFor better code A person who always works hard and enjoys collaboration[Preferred experience that can help our team grow to the next level] • Those with startup experience or experience building their own service • Those with experience receiving investment in building an initial system • Those with experience of major failure • Those with experience in developing the core system Those with experience in development from design to operation • Those who know what it means to ‘focus on problems and outcomes beyond output’ • Those who enjoy reading a lot of major books and exploring [If you join now, you will be able to create synergy very well] Preferential considerations] • Those who know how to give and receive honest and sometimes painful feedback as a gift to each other • Those who are honest but not rude • Those who like books (Criteria for liking: steady or exciting Do you have your own standards? Life) (Did you change it?) • Those who have become otakus or have persistently tried something • Those who have a separate hobby after work • Those who have read all the text in the current job posting • Even if it does not fit the above, understand the above statement A person who has a roadmap for how to change• Those with experience building and operating commercial services • Those familiar with TDD development methods • Those with a good understanding of MSA • Those who can respect and cooperate with colleagues in various roles • Flexible without being tied to a specific environment or language People who can develop• Those with experience developing based on Microservice architecture • Those with experience developing E-Commerce services • Those with experience using Graphql and gRPC and basic knowledge • Those with experience writing unit/integration tests • Those with experience operating multilingual services• Those who are not reluctant to learn other languages, such as Java, Scala, Kotlin, and Python • Those who are skilled in developing and operating high-capacity traffic systems • Those with experience deploying and operating web/app services • Those who are interested in new technologies and like to take on challenges • Individuals with good communication and collaboration skills • Open to code reviews • At least 7 years of related work experience• A person with a variety of construction experience in the AWS environment • A person familiar with writing test code • A person familiar with code reviews • A person with experience operating production services- SaaS service development experience (data biz service development experience preferred) - Financial information API integration experience (virtual asset exchange integration experience preferred) - Development experience in MSA (Microservices Architecture) environment - AWS (Amazon Web Services) experience - Large capacity system architecture Design and development experience - Interest in virtual asset (digital asset) financial blockchain• Those with experience in utilizing and operating open source solutions (Apache Nginx Redis RabbitMq Spring Cloud, etc.) • Those with experience in developing and operating using Vue.js or WebFlux • Improving architecture, such as switching to MSA to solve problems with existing systems A person with experience in handling large amounts of traffic • A person with experience in troubleshooting enterprise server systems• Experience with NODEJS Spring boot for more than 3 years • Experience with video processing on the web (WebRTC HLS, WebGL, etc.) • Proficient in using communication modules such as Web Socket- Computer engineering, computer science or related major - Experience working at an early stage startup for less than 3 years- Someone who has raised pets and has experience using an animal hospital!• Experience in C/C++ development in a Linux environment (using Makefile or CMake) • Experience in using the ffmpeg command. • Development experience using ffmpeg library. (Or experience developing ffmpeg filters.) • Experience using web servers such as nginx apache. • Experience using git. • Development experience using Flask (Python).- Those with experience using C++ Rust - Those with an understanding of Docker - Experience using rabbitmq - Those with high interest in blockchain technology and confidence in the industry's growth potential - Experience in constantly researching and applying new technologies - Those with good communication skills - Those with experience in presenting service ideas and taking the lead in launching actual services - Those with experience in quantitative trading• Those who enjoy defining and solving problems • Those who actively utilize open source software and tools- A person who works proactively and proactively - A person with positive thinking and excellent execution skillsIt's even better if you have this experience! • Those with experience developing MSA EDA-based services • Those with experience using communication protocols such as HTTP AMQP MQTT gRPC modbus • Those familiar with agile methodology (XP Pair Programming TDD BDD) • Those with on-premise experience • Various People who enjoy taking on challenging problems and growing through experience• Those with experience developing music content services • Those with experience in MSA architecture design or unit service development • Those with experience with Portainer gitlab runner kafka and python scikit-learn tensorflow keras packages • Those skilled in exploring and utilizing open sources- Experienced in implementing and using microservice architecture in a serverless environment - Experienced in implementing and using Event Sourcing and CQRS - Those who prefer to implement it themselves using toolkits rather than using existing frameworks• People with experience in container-based environments • Graduates from IT-related departments • People with experience in advertising platform design and development • People with experience in designing and developing large-scale systems • People who always experiment and share knowledge • Work together through team reviews People with work habits • People who have submitted a portfolio and git • People capable of full-stack development• Those with development experience in the AWS Cloud environment • Those with a high level of understanding and interest in the E-commerce field • Those with development experience in the agile sprint development process • Those who can communicate smoothly during project development• More than 5 years of web service development and operation experience • Global online service development and operation • Engineering major in computer/systems engineering• Select work hours between 8:00 and 11:00 • Operate a congratulatory/condolence/long-term employee welfare system • Provide stock option incentives based on performance • Provide unlimited coffee • Provide dinner • Provide a free working environment such as a rest area, studio, and library • Provide birthday leave • Family Day (2-hour shortened workday on the last Wednesday of every month)ㆍ Those with experience in startup team building ㆍ Those with experience developing financial/fintech systems ㆍ Those with experience in continuous system improvement ㆍ Those who are not reluctant to review code with colleagues• Experience in B2B SaaS development • Experience in understanding and developing the structure of web services • Experience in large volume traffic • Understanding of serverless and micro-architecture• Those interested in clean code and refactoring • Those with experience in Front Framework (vue.js react.js) • Those with experience linking AWS services (experience building and deploying AWS infrastructure) • Those with experience in PL • Perform PM work Anyone with experience or ability to perform■ Full-time employee: There is a 6-month probationary period to check if it fits Share Round’s culture and vision. ■ Recruitment process documents - Online interview - Project performance - Culture fit interview 1. Documents • Resume and career description or portfolio: How to define the user’s problem 2. Online interview: Time to increase your understanding of the company and the job in question 3. Project performance: Carry out an actual project for the job you are applying for (appropriate compensation regardless of the result) 4. Culture fit interview• Experienced in ELK (Elasticsearch Logstash Kibana) • Experienced in document configuration management through Jira Confluence and Notion • Experienced in writing test code (TDD) • Person who can actively work to achieve the goal • Perform the work A person with a will to document • A person who believes it is important to avoid experiencing the same problem twice • A person who can proceed with work through smooth communication with other departmentsThis is preferential treatment. • TDD application experience • Understanding of digital audio (MIDI WAV) • Composition experience or understanding of composition domain • Event-based system development and operation experience • CQRS application experience • More than 1 year of public cloud-based development and operation experience • DB API optimization Experience • High level documentation experience technology stack. • Python 3.10+ • FastAPI Django Flask • FastAPI is adopted as the basic framework. • Migrate projects developed with Django Flask to FastAPI. • AWS ECS Fargate Lambda • AWS RDS ElasticCache S3 • AWS CodePipeline Github Actions • Pulumi • MongoDB (Atlas) • Sentry • Git GitHub Linear Notion- Those with experience developing and upgrading NestJS projects based on TypeScript - Those with experience developing MLOps pipelines - Those with experience managing cloud infrastructure using IaC such as Terraform - Those with experience in MSA-type development - TDD (Test) Those who have applied the Driven Development method in practice [Technologies used by the LOVO Backend team] - TypeScript NestJS Express NodeJS - Python Flask FastAPI PyTorch - AWS ECS EC2 Lambda API Gateway S3 CloudFront SQS SNS SageMaker - AWS CodePipeline CodeBuild CodeDeploy - AWS CloudWatch CloudTrail DataDog - Terraform (IaC) - MongoDB Redis - Stripe [Process of joining the LOVO team] - Document submission - Job interview - Cultural fit interview - Final acceptance - In case of full-time employment, there is a 3-month probationary period. [I prefer this kind of person.] - Someone who is honest! - A person who is always sincere about self-development! - People who are passionate about their work and must do it well! - Someone who knows how to play when it’s time to play and how to work when it’s time to work! - A person who thinks and thinks about efficiency and process! - Those who strive for their own growth! - A person who is proactive and has a strong sense of responsibility in everything!• Logical and analytical. • Self-generating type. • Learn and execute quickly. • Experience in REST API design and service. • Experience developing WebSocket / WebRTC services. • A person who actively solves various problems and enjoys doing so. • People who are active in self-development and interested in learning and growth.- Those who have experience with projects from A to Z - Those who have a high understanding of RDBMS and NoSQL DB - Those who have experience configuring a serverless environment - Those who have experience developing services using AWS Cognito - Those who have experience in admin development ( React Next.js, etc.) - A person who can communicate smoothly and actively collaborate with other teams• Team leader level developer with over 9 years of backend development experience • Experience building a Linux/Tomcat development environment • Experience developing large traffic services • Experience measuring and improving performance • Experience building CI/CD • Experience in test automation or TDD • Experience in large-scale e-commerce development • Server backend Anyone interested in development• Understanding of messenger and chat services • Experience developing Linux-based servers • Linux C C++ is the focus, but Java Spring conversion is required, so Java Spring is also preferred if possible • Open mind to collaboration and new technology1. Deep understanding of Java/Spring/Data Structure/Thread Programming 2. Experience using Spring Boot and Spring Cloud applications 3. Object-oriented thinking 4. English proficiency at a level that allows you to understand English technical data in the relevant field without much difficulty. 5. Experience using Jenkins-based CI/CD 6. Experience using Git/Git flow/AWS 7. Experience designing or writing RESTful API 8. Holder of the value that ‘readable code is good code’ 9. JVM thread dump analysis for Java 1.6 or higher possible- Experience with startups preferred - Entrepreneurs preferred - Understanding of web services, commerce content services- Those with experience in business solution development (CRM ERP, etc.) - Those with experience in Multi-Tenant SaaS software development - Those with experience in mass payment system development - Those with experience in mass messaging system development - Those with TDD-based development experience - Those who can be newly transferred/transferred to professional research staffPreferential treatment is not required, but if you have experience with the requirements below, we will be a good fit. We also welcome those who wish to strengthen the requirements below. - Those who have a high level of understanding of the business and can implement the relevant goals - Those who have more than 2 years of product development experience or equivalent skills - Those who can solve problems rather than implement to achieve goals - Collaborate with designer PMs and A person who can communicate smoothly - A person with experience in the entire cycle from product A to Z - A person with leadership - A person with experience playing a large role in a small startup - A person with understanding and skills in performance optimization - TDD / Those who are capable of BDD-based development• Work experience related to Moin's business domain, such as finance or fintech • Experience in deployment and operation in cloud environments such as Docker Kubernetes AWS • Experience in operating services using MySQL, PostgreSQL, etc. • Architecture for responding to large-scale traffic or server concurrency management and asynchrony processing experience• Experienced in developing services using DDD and CQRS • Experienced in using ORMs such as TypeORM or JPA and domain modeling • Experienced in developing and operating large data/traffic services • Monitoring build distribution in cloud environments such as AWS • Those with high understanding and utilization of Linux Docker • Those with experience performing various tests such as Unit/E2E and improving code coverage [Development environment] • Language used: Typescript / Node • Main libraries: Express Bull Knex Socket.io • Database: PostgreSQL Redis • Work tool: Azure Devops Zeplin • Online code review using Azure Devops PR method • Service operation using AWS EKS • Establishment of code convention and style through Prettier and eslint [Must] Please read!] • When applying, please attach a career description (PDF format). • Please write your career description focusing on projects or collaborative activities that demonstrate your technical skills. (Main work details during the progress period, technical skills contributed, results/performance/achievement, etc.) • If a coding test is required, you will be notified individually, and document screening takes about a week on average.• Experience in test automation and writing test code • Those who are interested in architectural design and actively strive to create better code • Those with high experience and understanding of code refactoring • Those with experience handling large-scale traffic • Large amounts of data People with experience in processing and analysis (log service data, etc.) • People with experience in Mircoservice Serverless architecture • Experience in Devops (Infrastructure as Code deployment automation, CI TDD monitoring, etc.) • People with attachment and sense of responsibility for the serviceIf you have this experience, great! • A person who is good at clearly defining and solving problems centered on goals • A person with experience in MSA design and development • A person who has thought about Fault Tolerance • A person who can spread the experience of a good development culture to other colleagues Person • People with more than 7 years of development experience Technologies used in Finda backend • Java Spring Boot Maven/Gradle JPA (Hibernate) queryDSL Spring batch • MySQL Aurora Redis Mongodb Kafka • Git Jenkins ArgoCD ELK Grafana Recruitment journey • Document screening ＞ 1st interview ＞ 2nd interview ＞ 3rd interview ＞ Reference check ＞ Treatment consultation ＞ Final acceptance • Some procedures may change depending on the applicant’s experience and recruitment status. • Industrial technical personnel support available. (New transfer to supplementary station)- Experience in developing and operating commerce services (member product orders, etc.) - Development experience in the agile sprint MVP unit development process - Experience in operating event streaming platforms such as Kafka RabbitMQ - Experience in developing/operating services in public cloud environments such as AWS GCP - Various troubleshooting experience• Those who submit personal blogs or Github, etc. • Those who are positive about code reviews • Those who have experience from initial service design to post-launch operation • Those who have applied design patterns to an actual production environment • Service development in the AWS cloud environment and Those with operational experience • Those with development experience or interest using LLM and generative AI- Those with experience developing asynchronous message architecture - Those with experience developing Docker or Kubernetes-based services - Those with experience writing test code and developing test automation processes - Those with payment-related development experience - Development organization Operational experience preferred [Technology stack] - Node.js - JavaScript TypeScript Modern Javascript (ES6+) - Koa.js Nest.js - AWS-based Docker (ECS) - MySQL MongoDB - AWS- Those capable of fullstack development - Those skilled in object-oriented development and writing test code - Those with experience developing systems based on MSA architecture - Those with experience in using ORMs such as JPA Hibernate and domain modeling - Those with a keen interest in new technology trends - Hesitant to acquire new technologies Those who have no knowledge and have a high will to learn- Those with an understanding of Kubernetes or Docker - Those with experience operating infrastructure management using IaC tools - Those with interest in distributed asynchronous task processing - Those with Fullstack development experience or basic understanding of Front-End - rabbitMQ kafka, etc. Anyone with experience using a message broker- Project experience dealing with large-scale projects or highly difficult tasks - Experience leading analysis design - Those who can handle Kotlin, Node.JS Python and web frameworks - Those who have experience with middleware solutions - Experience in operating system networks - Those with a deep understanding of RDB NoSQL MQ IMDG distributed processing - Those who can apply design patterns to practice - Those who understand virtualization (LXD Docker) and have experience applying it to services - MSA Those who have a deep understanding of the essential elements in building - Those who are interested in Serverless - Those who have experience using performance measurement tools• Experience in Hadoop spark Kafka development preferred • Experience in Lucene Elasticsearch development preferred• Experience using Elasticsearch preferred • Big data analysis experience preferred • Message Q experience preferred • Experience using Linux preferred• Those with experience in development related to e-commerce platform settlement • Those with experience in operating large volumes of traffic • Those with high experience and understanding of code refactoring • Those skilled in designing with efficiency and productivity in mind• Experience building a RESTful API server using C# ASP.NET• Those with experience or understanding of using Typescript • Those majoring in computer engineering with an understanding of data structure, network operating system algorithms • Those with experience operating and developing E-Commerce services • Those with experience operating mobile web view-based services • Those with experience writing backend Unit/Integration/E2E test code • Those with experience building or operating a CI/CD environment • Those with MSA design and development experience • Those with deep understanding of Source Management System and Branch Strategy • OAS ( People with experience developing based on OpenAPI Specification • People with more than 3 years of experience in part reading• Those with experience designing and building MSA architecture • Those with experience developing systems that handle large-scale real-time traffic • Those with experience building deployment automation • Those with experience in server design, development, and operation using AWS • Those with experience writing test code and People who know and practice the importance of code reviews- Those who can actively work to achieve goals - Those who are proactive and able to communicate well with employees - Those who have experience linking external APIs - Those who have experience understanding and utilizing the Azure Cloud environment - Global service operations and those with development experience• Able to communicate smoothly with project team members and customers • Experienced in Git environment development • Experienced in using CI/CD • Experienced as an information processing engineerExperienced in developing shopping mall integrated solutions such as Cellmate/EasyAdmin/Sabangnet• Preference given to majors・People with experience in upgrading services from initial construction ・People with experience operating in a cloud environment, such as monitoring build distribution, etc. ・People with experience optimizing application performance(Bank-end) Preferences: ㆍExperience developing through Kubernetes or understanding of container orchestration ㆍExperience with monitoring systems such as Prometheus Grafana ㆍExperience developing WebSocket communicationThose who have experience building LLM services Those who have experience launching Kotlin-based services Those who are also interested in AI technology and education Those who have experience using NoSQL such as Cassandra and MongoDB Those who operate services based on public cloud (AWS GCP Azure) Those who have experience with distribution through CI/CD pipelines Those who are interested in AI technology and education Those who are interested in new technologies and strive for self-development• A person who is active in writing test code and code reviews • A person who strives to operate services and continuously improve the structure • A person with ORM experience such as JPA Hibernate- Those who are familiar with Microservice Architecture - Those who are interested in or have deep knowledge of Domain-driven Development - Those who have experience processing large transactions - Those who have experience with Concurrent Programming - Those who have Socket programming experience - Those who have experience with document OCR Anyone who has• Those who are free to share knowledge and discuss with colleagues • Those who are curious and enjoy creative thinking through diverse experiences and observations • Those who enjoy the growth of the company and themselves • Those who are interested in the startup ecosystem • A person who is capable of positive thinking and smooth communication • Experience in project management, including resource management and team member motivation management, and managing technical capabilities of team members, including code review• Those who are skilled in collaborating and communicating with other teams • Those who are passionate about voluntary learning in their field • Those with experience developing services that require high reliability and security • Those with development experience using Web3 or blockchain RPC • Person with an understanding of cloud services or virtualization containers such as Docker • Submitter of portfolio Github profile or personal blogㆍExperience in carrying out SI projects ㆍExperience in ETL BI tool DW construction ESB preferred ㆍFull-stack developer preferred ㆍQuery proficient preferred ㆍThose majoring in related departments preferred ㆍExperience in e-government framework preferred ㆍExperience in various DBMS preferred ㆍAcquisition of new skills or Those with a desire for research• Those with experience launching and operating services • Those with experience in smart contract development • Those with experience using Web3 libraries • Those with experience using cloud services such as AWS Azure • Those skilled in using collaboration tools such as Git Jira Notion Person • Interest and affection for blockchain and DeFi• Those with experience implementing OpenAPI-based servers • Those with MSA design development and operation experience • Those with experience in large-scale traffic troubleshooting • Those with CI/CD and automation experience • Can communicate freely in English with people speaking various languages Those who can do it [Development Culture] • To maintain excellent code quality, we review each other's code and share healthy feedback. • We share our insights with each other through Dev Talk (a knowledge sharing session between in-house developers) once a week. • We give each individual a high level of autonomy and responsibility with a sense of ownership over their work area.- Those with experience working in a cloud environment (AWS Azure GCP) - Those with experience developing and operating Kubernetes or other container-based services - Those with experience deploying and operating machine learning models in a production environment - Those with experience in deploying and operating machine learning models in a production environment Anyone with development/operation experience in large-scale data analysis infrastructure and real-time stream processing - Experience contributing to open source• Experienced in C++ boost library Net core • Experienced in Redis • Experienced in clearly identifying and resolving the root cause of the problem • Experienced in building a large-capacity distributed service environment (Scale out Scale up) • Experienced in technology for stable service (automatic Build performance testing, tuning logs and crash analysis) • Major: Electrical/Electronic Engineering or similar major • Ability to use English to read and understand English technical materialsPreferential requirements - Those with experience in operating streaming services - Those with experience in developing and operating Multi DRM - Those with experience in developing and operating multilingual services - Those with experience in developing systems for transmitting media resources such as music and e-Pub - Redis Memcached Those with experience developing services using NoSQL, etc. - Those with experience developing CI/CD through AWS Code series - Those with hands-on experience with AWS MediaConvert Opensearch ELK Stack - Those with development experience other than node.js, such as Spring/Java• Graduate of Computer Science/Engineering • Proficient in developing web applications using the Django Framework • Able to perform simple front-end tasks • Experience handling large volumes of traffic [Technology in use] • Collaboration: Git JIRA Swagger • Platform: Python Django Node.js Express JAVA Spring • Infrastructure: AWS Jenkins • Data: MySQL Redis Elastic Search ELK• Work experience in the relevant position • Possess a similar portfolio related to the job • Experience in projects related to image data processing • Experience in Python machine learning projects• Graduate of computer engineering or related major • Those with experience implementing RESTful API • Those with RDB/ORM experience • Those with understanding of Micro Service Architecture • Agile-based software developer (DevOps)• Experienced in E-Commerce/Commerce-based platform operation and development • Experienced in back-end design based on Spring Framework • Experienced in SPA-based development such as React Vue • Experienced in team lead or higher in IT organizations within companies and startups • AWS ( Those with experience using EC2 S3) • Those with full-stack development experience • Those with experience using Git Jira Confluence • Those with experience participating in startup projects• Those who are capable of fullstack development • Those who are skilled in object-oriented development and writing test coats • Those who are highly interested in new technology trends • Those who do not hesitate to acquire new technologies and have a strong will to learn • Those who have experience developing Vue.js and React.js minute• We like people who have experience developing services in the financial sector. • I like people who have experience producing results with passion and persistence. • I like people who like documentation and are good at it. • I like people who are good at abstracting complex logic into a simple way. • I like people who have experience creating or failing through agile processes. • I like people with analytical thinking who can solve diverse and complex problems based on data. • I like people who have experience defining and solving problems from the customer’s perspective. • I like people who can proactively discover and analyze problems and propose solutions rather than simply completing the given development.- A person who has led more than one project as a developer. - A person with experience developing one or more e-commerce domains in product display, order logistics, etc. - A person who has improved legacy systems by analyzing long queries with complex logic. - Someone with experience handling large-scale traffic. - Those with experience or interest in DevOps Data Engineering (Data Pipeline construction, Spark, etc.).• Experience in collaboration and code improvement through active code reviews • Communication experience using GitLab GitHub Slack Jira Notion Figma Sketch Zeplin, etc. • Experience in building a cache server using NoSQL DB (MongoDB Redis) • Experience in using various languages ​​such as Python, C++, and Kotlin • Experience in designing and operating services that handle large-scale traffic • Majored in computer science (computer science, computer engineering, software studies, etc.)• Graduates from related departments (computer engineering, etc.) are preferred • Experience with the Python language • Experience implementing data processing batches • Ability to develop simple front-ends based on React [Selection process] Application review ＞ Practical interview ＞ HR interview ＞ Treatment consultation ＞ Final joining • Documents Only successful applicants will be contacted individually. • Starting with the interview process, we will send emails to all applicants regardless of whether they passed or not. • Depending on your history and experience, some screening processes, such as additional assignments and interviews, may be added or omitted. [Working environment] • Recruitment type: Full-time • Working hours: 9:00~18:00 • Salary - Determined through consultation based on individual capabilities. - After conducting the final interview, related discussions will be held. • Work location: 11th floor, BNK Digital Tower, 398 Seocho-daero, Seocho-gu, Seoul- Individuals with a quick understanding of existing code, ability to solve problems, and collaborate smoothly with other departments• Support for work-related book expenses and lectures • Leaving work at 3 p.m. on birthdays • Flexible work system • Support for company dinner expenses • Snacks and coffee always on standby • Holiday gifts provided • Support for congratulatory and condolence expenses and wreaths • Early departure from work every Friday at 17:00If you have this experience, even better. • Those with experience in the blockchain industry and gaming industry • Those with end-to-end work experience from launching to operation of blockchain projects • Those with experience participating as open source contributors • Blockchain hackathons Those who have participated and won awards • Those who have no difficulty communicating in English • Those who have majored in computer science- Those with experience developing various Spring environments such as Spring Security/Boot/Aop/Thymeleaf - Ability to use JavaScript/TypeScript - Those with experience in server operation management (monitoring failure handling)• Those with an understanding of NOSQL • Those with experience in Python development • Those with experience leading an organization or mentoring members and growing together • Those with familiarity with or work experience in a startup organizational culture • Those who feel they need it A person with a proactive work attitude who seeks out and improves areas of concern • A person who is active in sharing knowledge through code reviews and technical seminars- Those with experience in overall understanding and improvement of DB Modeling - Those with experience in building efficient architectures that increase development productivity - Those with experience in interfaces through communication with legacy services - Experience in building automation of server development and distribution (CI/CD) Those with experience building pipelines - Those with experience writing test code• Those who have taken the lead in solving problems and making improvements • Those who have experience developing e-commerce-related services or have similar experience • Those who have developed and operated backend systems capable of handling large traffic • Cost optimization in cloud environments such as AWS GCP • Those who have tried to achieve something in the healthcare domain • Those who have suggested process improvements or developed automation solutions without anyone asking for them for themselves and their colleagues who struggle with simple repetitive tasks • Those who have tried to establish a new development team A person who has led a development team• Those with experience working in a cloud environment (AWS Azure GCP) • Those with experience developing and operating Kubernetes or other container-based services • Those with experience building and operating machine learning pipelines • Experience with backend development for real-time large-volume traffic processing Someone who has this• This kind of person is better - Experience using Terraform Datadog - Experience managing large volumes of traffic through Message Queue - Person with a related major (computer engineering, etc.) - Person who is familiar with secure coding guidelines that adhere to security aspects - Experience with agile processes - Those with experience in startups or startups - Those who are meticulous in documentation such as data modeling and technical specifications - English communication skills• Able to develop Python • Experienced in Elasticserach • Related qualifications such as information processing engineer • Someone who is not afraid of modifying legacy and is interested in new technologyㆍThose with experience in development related to iOS and AOS ㆍThose with experience in processing large amounts of data ㆍThose with extensive experience in team projects ㆍThose with experience in handling and handling various problems that arise during service operation ㆍHave experience with blockchain and cryptocurrency minute• Working 6.5 hours a day (09:30~17:00) • Free use of annual leave (common company-wide annual leave before and after public holidays) • Operation of a resort condominium (Daemyung Resort, Lotte Resort) • Payment of congratulatory and condolence expenses and granting of leave• Experience using Excel, including formula analysis • Ability to configure and manage Linux and Apache-Tomcat (SE/AA) • Experience in collaborative development integrating collaboration tools • Those who enjoy the challenging process of creating meaningful results together in a growing organization• E-commerce experience • Kafka experience• Experienced in development using ORM • Experienced in web server development using Node.js and Nest.js • Experienced in cloud infrastructure such as AWS Naver Cloud • Interested in or understanding of development technologies other than backend • Person with good communication skills • People who are not reluctant to acquire new knowledge•Computer engineering major• Those with experience developing large-scale web services • Those with experience building OAuth2 servers and applying services • Those skilled in CI/CD • Those with experience building and operating servers in AWS EC2/container environments[Preferences] - Those with a high level of experience and understanding of startups - Those with interest and affection for Daily Shot - Those with experience building AWS infrastructure - Those with experience building or maintaining location-based services - Fully qualified commerce - Those with experience in building or maintaining a system - Those with experience developing systems that handle large-scale real-time traffic - Those with a strong interest in code refactoring - Those with ongoing interest in and experience contributing to open source• Experience in MSA-based project design/development • Experience in real-time data processing/analysis (spark/kafka/zepplin/nosql/hadoop) • Experience in Python development preferred • Experience in using and managing Git jira on a team basis • Those with DevOps CI/CD experience • Those with code review experience • Those with experience detecting and resolving errors through monitoring/logs/alarms • Those with experience building and operating container-based infrastructure in a Linux environment • Testing People with experience in automating development processes, such as distribution. • People with experience in developing complex forms.- Familiar with development in a Linux environment - Experienced in RESTful API design - Knowledge of Network IT Security - Experienced in using and building cloud services - Familiar with using RDB NoSQL DB· Experience working in the travel agency industry.• Those with experience in commerce and adtech domains • Those with experience leading the writing of test code • Those with self-directed work • Those with a passion for development• Those with a deep understanding of object-orientation and refactoring experience and knowledge • Those with experience designing, developing/building services from scratch and improving them through operation • Those with an understanding of Internet-based protocols and technologies such as RESTful API HTTP • Experience with SaaS services• A person with the talent to quickly understand the structure and logic of code written by others and refactor it appropriately when necessary • A person with more than 2 years of back-end work experience or an equivalent level of understanding • A person with an equivalent level of understanding used in distributed/asynchronous processing such as Celery Kafka People with understanding and experience in technology • People with experience building systems using RDBMS or Elasticsearch • People who know the value of test code and know how to develop it by utilizing it appropriately for the job • Build/test/deployment automation (CI/CD) ) Those with experience • Those with understanding and experience with container orchestration infrastructure such as Kubernetes • Those with experience using AWS• Support for the latest equipment and software • Support for book purchases • Support for education/seminar fees, etc. • Provision of snacks, coffee, tea, etc. • Payment of birthday gifts• Those who can work long-term • Those who can go to work immediately • Those who have information processing engineer qualifications • Those who have majored inPreference will be given to those majoring in the relevant field, those with certificates, or those with more than 5 years of experience and excellent document writing skills.• Those with experience as a tech lead or project leader in an IT startup • Those with deep understanding and experience of the full cycle of product development • Those with experience designing and developing infrastructure architecture for global services • Those with migration experience due to architecture changes • Anyone with development/operation experience using AWS or other cloud environments ___ [Technology stack] • Application technology stack - typescript node.js(ts-node) webpack serverless-framework • Infrastructure technology stack - AWS lambda DynamoDB Api -gateway Cognito Cloudwatch Route 53 Github CloudFormation Sentry ___ [Recruitment Procedure] • Document screening - (Assignment screening) - Job interview - Culture interview - Final interview - Agreement on treatment level - Job offer * Assignment screening is conducted only when necessary. [Document submission guide] (Required) Attach materials that can verify project experience, such as a free-form resume and github.- Those with experience or interest in Big Data-based application development ML - Those with experience or interest in Reactive System development - Those with experience or interest in Cloud Native Application development - Those who consistently refactor code and write test code for code maintainability - Those with experience operating services and solving problems in various situations - Those with experience in development and operation using public cloud services (AWS) - Those with CI/CD experience through build/test/deployment automation - Those with knowledge and experience in large-scale real-time application/system architecture - Those familiar with platforms other than Java [Development environment] - Key technologies: Java Spring framework JPA Apache Kafka - Work tools: Gitlab Slack Jira Confluence Zeplin Grafana IntelliJ IDEA - Code review: Online code review pair programming development using Gitlab MR Upsource - Build distribution testing: Jenkins Simploy JUnit [Please read!] - Please attach a career description (PDF format) when applying. - Tips for writing a career description - Please describe in detail the work you have experienced and the technology stack to demonstrate your technical skills. - Please write in a way that clearly shows your work experience and achievements that meet the job description and qualification requirements. - Please describe your development experience based on Java Spring framework. - If you have an example of identifying the cause of an issue that occurred during operation and resolving it, please write in detail what technology you used and how you improved it. - If you have experience exchanging data with multiple systems, please write in detail. - Please write about your experience with refactoring and performance improvement. - Please describe your experience writing unit tests. - Coding tests will be provided individually, and screening takes about a week on average.• Experience building cloud services such as AWS Azure NCP • No difficulty operating Linux • Experience leading actual backend design• Those with operating experience such as build distribution monitoring in a cloud environment such as AWS • Those with experience building an MSA environment and developing and operating using AWS (Amazon Web Services) • Python language and underlying web framework (Flask / FastAPI) People who are skilled in using • Experience in installing and operating infrastructure such as Redis DynamoDB • Experience in designing and developing asynchronous system workflows • Experience in application troubleshooting and performance optimization • Experience in developing Event Message-based services minute• Those with AA (Application Architect) or PL experience • Those with PostgreSQL DB experience • Those with experience using various open source frameworks and libraries such as OAuth2.0, Mybatis Graphql JPA, etc. • Those with experience in SPA (Single Page Application) development • Git Those who are familiar with based collaboration and source configuration management (Reference - major development environments and services used) • Java (Spring Boot) Kotlin Node • Javascript (es6+) • Vue Vuetify Webpack ESLint • D3 Json Schema Websocket Electron PWA Puppeteer • SCSS ( BEM) • GCP Vmware Private Cloud Docker • Gitlab Gitlab CI/CD • Slack Figma G Suite (Google Workspace) Swagger • GA GTM Tableau • IntelliJ, etc. Jetbrain Software • Gradle Maven • Nginx Tomcat • MySQL MariaDB PostgreSQL Oracle- Those with experience in large-scale data processing services - Those with experience in using C# .Net Core - Those with experience in using PostgreSQL MongoDB - Those with experience in using MQTT Kafka **Example of preferred personnel** - Even if the industry is different, as follows: Experience developing “server” solutions is great. - Those who have experience designing and developing a server that integrates control/monitoring of multiple self-driving robots - Those who have experience designing and developing a multi-user access game server - Those who have experience designing and developing a server that provides real-time services to multiple users in the financial IT field - Anyone who has experience designing and developing servers that control/monitor multiple facilities in the construction/port/building management fields• Can operate and build servers in AWS environment • Can use Swagger SQLAIchemy ORM library• Proficient in TypeScript • Experience in service development and operation in a cloud environment • Experience in handling failover in various infrastructure operating environments • Experience in processing and analyzing large amounts of data and logs • Personal blog Github and personal portfolio operated by an individual Those submitting • Those who can communicate and actively collaborate with colleagues from various job categories • Those who are interested in learning new language skills and enjoy sharing knowledge • Those who are concerned about creating better code through code reviews minuteo Those who have a quick understanding of services o Those who are good at communication and collaboration and actively express opinions o Those who have experience from service design to service opening o Those who are interested in problem solving and quality improvement o Those who are interested in new technologies Those who strive for self-development o Those who understand and implement business requirements well o Those who aim to write high-quality, reusable code o Those who have the ability to actively share and put into practice ideas• It is recommended if you are familiar with Django and DRF. • It would be good if you have experience developing in a cloud environment (AWS GCP, etc.). • It would be good if you have experience developing and operating services using containers. • It would be good if you have experience migrating an operating service to a microservice architecture. • It would be good if you have experience building CI/CD. • It is best if you have an understanding of platform e-commerce services. [Technology Stack] • Python is mainly used for backend development. • Serve the backend API with Django DRF. • DB actively uses AWS Aurora (MySQL PostgreSQL). • Services are mainly separated into Python/Django Kotlin/Spring. [Recruitment procedure and submission documents] • Recruitment procedure: Document screening - Telephone interview - Pre-assignment - Job interview - Final interview - Final acceptance • Required documents to be submitted: Free format resume and career description (Please avoid hwp files.) • Optional Documents to be submitted: If you have a URL portfolio where you can check the code, please submit an additional self-introduction :) [Notes on joining] • All positions except interns are subject to a 3-month probationary period. • Salary and benefits are paid without discrimination during the probationary period. • If false information is found in your application documents, your employment may be cancelled. • Industrial technical personnel can be transferred to active duty or newly transferred to supplementary duty. Recruitment of professional research personnel is not currently in progress.• Those with understanding and experience in Python (FastAPI), Java, Spring JPA, etc. • Those with experience developing and operating services in a serverless environment • Those with understanding and experience in domain-driven design • Experience in test automation and test-driven development • Experience with agile processes • Experience with CI & CD construction • Experience with big data collection and processing analysis • High technical understanding of data analysis, etc. • Understanding of RESTful • Experience with asynchronous programming• WebRTC SFU development experience • Metaverse service experience • Experience working at a startup• Those with experience developing services using OpenApi for Google/Facebook/Kakao, etc. • Those with an understanding of Serverless architecture • Those with experience in TypeScript-based projects • Those with experience using AWS product lines (Lambda API Gateway SQS SNS CloudWatch S3 RDS DynamoDB) • Experience in continuous service improvement and operation in a production environment • Active in improving quality such as architecture design and proposal code review testing • Experience in leading the entire web service development process • Experience in setting up or leading a development organization of 4 or more people • Those with experience in improving work processes and development culture • Those who can choose the best technology for business situations • Those who strive to write good, readable code • Those who enjoy communicating with a variety of job groups• Experience operating on AWS, such as ECS S3 Lambda • Experience developing container-based MicroService Architecture • Experience improving query performance in MySQL MongoDB • Experience collaborating or building processes through Git Slack and Asana • Those with experience in proactively improving repetitive code or work • Those with experience using Serverless• Experience developing high-capacity traffic commercial services • Experience with TDD OpenAPI (swagger) • Experience with open source analysis and knowledge and experience with design pattern refactoring • Experience with winning awards in programming-related competitions• Communication is more important than anything else. • Experience developing and operating proptech services is preferred. • Experience in analyzing and tuning distributed processing system performance for large-scale transactions is preferred. • We are looking for someone who values ​​monitoring. • Preference will be given to those with experience in building and supporting technology based on authentication technology (IAM) systems such as electronic signatures.【Preferences】 • Experience in system development/operation in a Linux environment • Experience in developing systems based on microservice architecture • Experience in automating build/test/deployment using Jenkins, etc. • Developing systems that handle large-scale real-time traffic Experienced person • A person who can create services by communicating smoothly with planning and development members on various issues based on flexible thinking 【Development environment】 • Key technologies: Python Java Kotlin PostgreSQL Redis AMQP Kafka • Work tools: Git Gitlab MS Teams Jira Docker • CI/CD: Gitlab CI• Experience in developing server-side web applications - Experience in SQL database operation (performance monitoring and query optimization using tools such as APM) - Experience in implementing REST API GraphQL - DevOps experience • Knowledge of major programming paradigms such as Functional programming OOP Those with understanding • Those with experience in unit testing and CI • Those with experience participating in open source projects • Those with experience presenting development-related seminars • After changing the names of functions or variables about ten times over a few days, the ultimate Anyone who has experience finding a name• Those with development experience using the Node.js Python language • Those who know how to write clean code and are capable of refactoring through code reviews • Those with troubleshooting experience • Those with an understanding of frameworks such as Vue.js React Person • Those with an understanding of hybrid app development using Flutter **[Recruitment Process]** *Free format resume (required) / Portfolio (required) Document screening -＞ Interview screening (practical work / culture fit) -＞ Treatment consultation -> Final acceptance - Recruitment processes may be added as needed. - The selection process may change depending on the company’s internal circumstances. ■ If false information is discovered in the application documents, employment may be canceled even after the employment has been confirmed. **[Join Conditions]** 1. Full-time employee (There is a 3-month onboarding (probationary) period after joining the company, and after the completion of the probationary period, the employee will be converted to a full-time employee through evaluation.)• Those who know the value of test code and know how to develop it by using it appropriately for their work • Those who can freely modify and utilize open source code • Those who have experience developing/operating e-commerce services • Handling traffic from large-scale user services / Those with experience • Those with knowledge/experience in building microservice architecture for large-scale services • Those with understanding and experience of container-based infrastructure such as Kubernetes • Those with understanding of technologies used in distributed/parallel processing such as Celery Kafka Those with experience • Those with build/test/deployment automation (CI/CD) experience • Those with experience using AWS-Graduate with master's or doctoral degree in science or engineering• Experienced in implementing RFC-based RESTful API, including RFC4918 • Person with own strategy for recovering compatibility beyond the current team operation level • Person with the ability to use Pattern language • Person who freely utilizes generics • Person with understanding of Type Theory • Utilization experience designer with an accurate understanding of the significance of the OOP-based FRP Paradigm • Designer related to link-based services such as Sync • Designer of complex domain logic services based on TDD/BDD • Performance optimization (proxy buffering tuning, etc.) • Price optimization (RI SP SI) • Those with GitOps experience • Those trying to move from Java to Typescript (following all software principles) • Those with Agile Scrum / Kanban Process experience Scrum master • Those with experience in essay writing [Application Guide] - Application documents: Resume (Required) Portfolio (optional) - Recruitment procedure: Document screening ＞ Non-face-to-face interview ＞ Final interview ＞ Final result information• Experience using Python-based ROS • Experience processing big data • Experience designing data management platforms• Experienced in e-commerce software development • Majored in related field (Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Information and Communication Engineering) • More than 5 years of development experience• Those with experience developing in the Agile Lean process • Those with development experience in the Agile Sprint MVP unit development process • Those with their own philosophy and leading method regarding the development team culture • Overall understanding of infrastructure/back-end/front-end High-ranking person: • Experience working as part of a team creating a startup or new service • Experience as an engineering leader in a rapidly growing mobile service • Experience in collaborative development with outsourced developers- Interest in virtual asset (digital asset) financial blockchain - Experience using Express FastApi Flask Django, etc. - Understanding MSA architecture - Understanding RabbitMQ Kafka - Understanding AWS environment• Those with experience developing, launching, and growing new services or platforms • Those who can adapt to a rapidly changing and growing startup environment • Those with experience collecting cards or playing TCG games • Those who like sports such as NBA and MLB • Pocket People who like animation such as Monster Yu-Gi-Oh• AWS NoSql BigQuery experience • Experience reading various codes, including open source • Smooth communication with various job groups• People who like to try and learn new things • People who recognize the importance of communication and teamwork and have high self-esteem • People who are familiar with the experience and environment of active self-directed work progress• Those with a master's degree or higher in computer science or a related field • Those with extensive AWS experience • Those with experience developing real-time game servers • Those with experience developing enterprise-level servers • Those with experience from initial service design to operation• Those with an understanding of SOLID principles • Those with experience developing/operating large-scale web services with a DAU of 100,000 or more on the Linux platform • Those with experience building/operating a Docker k8s-based deployment system • Experience developing script-based server applications (for review only) Submission of code or GitHub repository address is required) • Those with FCM-related experience • Those who have led an organization with 5 or more people for more than 1 year • Those with project lead experience[I prefer people like this!] • Those with PL job experience are preferred • Those with SI project experience are preferred • Those with MVC pattern experience are preferred • Those with distributed version management skills such as Git are preferred+ Those who are familiar with various collaboration tools and are active in using new tools + Those who have experience participating in blockchain technology projects + Those who majored in computer engineering and software + Those who can use DynamoDB + Those who can use Linux shell scripts + Those who can use Linux shell scripts + Those who have experience participating in blockchain technology projects Those who can process spatial data in a database + Those who can process API documentation using Swagger / apiDoc + Those who have experience in distribution/logging processing in a global cross-region environment- Computer-related major or equivalent CS basic knowledge - Practical experience in back-end development for large-scale services - Understanding of System Design and Software Architecture - Team leading or technical leading experience - Deep understanding of the web - Web back-end framework (FastAPI Flask) Django, etc.)-based development experience - Full-stack development experience - Git and GitHub-based collaborative development experience - Proficient in one or more development languages ​​other than Python - Deep interest and knowledge of security - Based on public cloud (AWS GCP Azure, etc.) Development experience - Serverless architecture-based development experience - Experience with CI/CD - Understanding of DevOps culture- Experience working in the travel agency industry• We welcome those who have a passion for new technologies, even if they cannot perfectly implement the development language. • Intermediate level or higher in scraping preferred • Experience in lodging-related business development preferred• Those with experience using ORMs such as JPA Hibernate and domain modeling • Those with a high understanding of MSA • Those who strive to practice TDD • Those with experience developing using blockchain • Those with a keen interest in the latest technology trends • Those who can develop regardless of language and environment• Understanding of eCommerce O2O services and systems • Experience in operating Kubernetes CI/CD (Jenkins)• Manager experience • Video platform experience and large traffic experience • Experience building and operating e-commerce or platform systems with many users • Development and operation experience using AWS • Service operation experience using Docker • Development using Node JS MongoDB Experience • LMS (learning management system) service experience• Experienced in operating commercial apps • Experienced in developing and operating insurance and healthcare services • Experienced in developing and operating mobile apps in a cloud environmentSolid engineering capabilities as a lead developer who guides and motivates excellent engineers. Collection and understanding of requirements. Ability to lead communication with multiple teams, including the product team and development team, including the design and development of technology to achieve business goals. Coding. Experience and knowledge of agile methodologies and patterns in the end-to-end application development cycle, including hands-on code review, development process testing, and service operations Demonstrated leadership capabilities in a multi-team and highly collaborative environment【Preferences】 • Experience in system development/operation in a Linux environment • Experience in developing systems based on microservice architecture • Experience in automating build/test/deployment using Jenkins, etc. • Developing systems that handle large-scale real-time traffic People with experience • People who can communicate well with planning and development members on various issues based on flexible thinking and create services • People with experience living overseas 【Development environment】 • Key technologies: Python Java Kotlin PostgreSQL Redis AMQP Kafka • Job duties Tools: Git Gitlab MS Teams Jira Docker • CI/CD: Gitlab CI〓 It’s even better if you’re like this! 〓 • Ability to systematically organize and solve complex problems • Ability to proactively drive work and be a team player • Experience using Docker and Kubernetes • Experience using MLOps • Experience using RUST Python language - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -• English search and understanding and application of search results • Unix (Linux or macOS) shell • Docker (or Singularity) Kubernetes HPC • English proficiency • Major in related department preferred• Those who avoid self-directed work • Those who will challenge new things and create an organizational culture together- Those skilled in Node.js/Nest.js or Java/Spring development - Those with experience developing/operating services using AWS - Those with basic front-end knowledge or development experience - Those with an understanding of asset security and management Senior - Those with experience in web performance optimization and security development - Those with experience in virtual asset exchanges or finance-related projects- Experience in back-end development in SaaS-type services - Experience in MySQL DB design and management• Experience in operating services with MongoDB • Experience in operating Kubernetes • Experience in stable service operation • Experience in activities for service optimization (cost/management)ㆍPeople with experience developing web crawling (scraping) ㆍPeople with extensive experience in databases (RDBMS NoSQL) ㆍPeople with experience in developing cloud-based services such as GCP ㆍPeople with development experience in Docker Kubernetes ㆍELK stack (Elastic Search Logstash) ) Anyone with relevant development experience• DAU 300,000 or more users or equivalent service experience • Team leading experience • Systematic status monitoring and issue response work experience • Library development and distribution experience • Process establishment experience for collaboration with other developers • Open source contribution experience• PM/PL experience • NLP NLG • DL ML• Those who are interested in other development languages ​​such as react.js, vue.js, node.js, etc. • Those who can install and operate servers such as WEB WAS DB • Those who can develop architecture design components• Experience in operating AWS infrastructure • Experience in connecting and developing infrastructure for securities ledger systems or virtual asset exchange APIs • Experience in designing and querying queries in one or more of the databases (PostgreSQL Redis Oracle Mysql) • Knowledge of virtual assets and blockchain on-chain data Possessions • Experience building and operating AWS EKS (Kubernetes)• Those with experience in developing SNS-related functions • Those with extensive experience in data modeling and protocol design • Those with experience in operating and operating services based on Google Cloud Platform• Experience or knowledge of Vue3.js composition API development • Experience or knowledge of Windows programming (MFC C#, etc.) development • Experience or knowledge of modern monolith development using Inertia.js • Experience with PO/PM/PL • Major in related department[Preferences] • Experience using Nodejs • Experience using Docker • Those who have continuously worked to develop quality software • Those who are curious and share new technologies • Those with experience in failure management and monitoring operations [Position/Salary] ㆍ Lead researcher ㆍIndividual negotiation after interview (consideration of previous salary +@)• Experience using AWS (OpenSearch Cognito, etc.) • Experience writing test code • Experience designing DB schema and server network • Experience with CI/CD non-disruptive deployment • Experience in Python Java development • Experience in logically presenting your thoughts for high code quality • Those who create services for users through collaboration with the development planning and design team • Those who explore new technologies to solve problems and enjoy communication with team members• Those with MSA development experience • Those with Kubernetes experience • Those with Node.js Python development experience - Those with DDD design experience • Those with IOT integration experience • Those with master’s degree in computer engineering or equivalent degree• Those with development experience using Ruby Elixir or similar languages ​​• Those with experience or interest in microservices or distributed systems• Experienced in designing and developing back-end systems in the financial field • Experienced in databases such as oracle/mariadb/clickhouse • Experienced in API development using fastapi, etc. • Experienced in system/service management such as Linux docker airflow- Those with experience using AWS or understanding of AWS-based services - Those with experience in service design, development, launch, and operation - Those who are interested in new technologies regardless of back-end or front-end - Front-end frameworks such as React, vue.js, and angular People with experience - People who actively participate in code improvement and reviews - People who enjoy creating and developing new services• More than 1 year of development experience in a related field preferred • Master's degree preferred • Understanding and development experience in DBMS preferred • Related major (computer engineering, computer science, etc.) and information processing engineer certification preferredPreferences • Those with experience designing and implementing services in an AWS/GCP cloud environment • Those with experience developing Python-based commercial services • Those with experience developing and commercializing data-based services • Experience developing RESTful Interface-based services Anyone • Those who want to contribute to the process of turning AI technology into a product that solves real-life problems • Those who want to grow quickly as a back-end engineer Technology stack • Language & Framework: Python/Fastapi Kubernetes AWS EKS • Infra: AWS Terraform Docker Kubernetes • Database: MySQL Elasticsearch • Big Data: AWS Glue AWS Athena• Those with experience using TypeScript • Those with an understanding of Kubernetes and AWS EKS • Those who are positive about code reviews and can actively communicate with colleagues (personality is the most important!) • Those with startup experience or successful projects People with experience • People with leadership skills• Those with experience developing large-scale web services • Those with experience building OAuth2 servers and applying services • Those skilled in CI/CD • Those with experience building and operating servers in AWS EC2/container environments• Those who have experience using or developing APM solutions • Those with experience implementing cloud-based MSA • Those with IT service operation experience • Those with knowledge of various monitoring services• Those with MSA-based project design/development experience • Those with real-time data processing/analysis experience (spark/kafka/zepplin/nosql/hadoop) • Those with experience using and managing Git jira at the team level • DevOps CI/CD Experienced person • Experienced in code review • Experienced in detecting and resolving errors through monitoring/logs/alarms • Experienced in building and operating container-based infrastructure in a Linux environment • Participating in development processes such as test distribution People with automation experience • People with understanding and experience with Docker Kubernetes• Those with experience in building and operating service infrastructure/monitoring • Those with experience in large-scale data processing technology (NoSQL Map-Reduce) • Those with experience in using commercial cloud platforms (AWS Azure GCP) • Those with experience in agile development culture [Recruitment Process] • Document submission • Online coding test • Technical interview • Fit interview• Experience in data design tailored to requirements • Experience in gRPC gorm development • Experience in implementing asynchronous applications • Experience in using Redis Kafka MongoDB • Utilization and understanding of AWS infrastructure • Development experience using Network I/O • Understanding of Linux systems• Major in a related department and certified as an information processing engineer • Proficient in DevOps work • Proficient in Linux server development • Proficient in English and Japanese• Advertising-related work experience • Experience using advertising data • Experience using media APIs • Experience developing and operating large-scale services • Experience collecting and processing big data and analyzing it • Experience configuring and operating AWS infrastructure· Experience in service infrastructure construction and server management operation is preferred · Those who can handle Kotlin are preferred · Those with experience in live service development are preferred · Those who are excellent at collaboration and communication are preferred[It is even better if you are someone like this.] • Those with understanding of MSA architecture or experience developing based on Spring Cloud • Those with experience developing member services • Those with experience developing services using OAuth2 / OIDC • Knowledge of cloud (AWS) • Those with experience • Those who value the social value created using their technology • Those who like a culture of growing together with the team and sharing knowledge • Those with experience contributing to open source such as GitHub [Together] A word to those who want to do it] "If you are someone who enjoys challenges and changes, join the Wadiz Membership Development Team and have the opportunity to grow!"• Those with experience in video streaming service development • Those with experience in configuration management through Git • Those with experience in CI/CD construction and operation • Those with experience in API server development • Those with experience in managing various web servers • Those who can implement various development languages• Those with experience writing test code using test frameworks such as Jest Mocha • Those with a basic understanding of object-oriented programming • Those with development experience using the ELK Stack • Those with experience using AWS services• Those with understanding and experience in Python (FastAPI) Java Spring JPA, etc. • Those with experience developing and operating services in a serverless environment • Those with understanding and experience in domain-driven design • Experience with agile processes • CI & Experience in building CDs • Experience in big data collection and processing analysis • High technical understanding of data analysis, etc. • Understanding of RESTful • Experience in using asynchronous programming- A person who can talk about solving problems through service, not just engineering - A person who is passionate about creating a better service code process and team culture together - A person who wants to follow technology trends without losing interest - Those who have the following technical experience - Experience in developing ES6 and Node.js - Building an AWS environment using VPC ECS Lambda - Those who have experience building CI/CD of Mono Repo using Jenkins - Those who primarily use Typescript - Anyone with experience using Nest.js GraphQL• Those with understanding or experience in the on-premise cloud server environment • Those with understanding or experience with MSA (MicroService Architecture) • Those with understanding or experience with Containers • Those with experience in automating build and deployment • React Anyone with experience in front-end development such as HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and jQuery• Experience with DB modeling for services • Experience using Docker / Kubernetes • Experience leading a development team• A person who focuses on customer experience and can communicate smoothly • A person with experience improving the work efficiency of colleagues through technology • A person with experience achieving meaningful results in a startup • A person with experience developing various platformsㆍExperience in ASP.NET framework ㆍExperience in Websocket RESTful Modbus SECS/GEM ㆍExperience in using RDB (MySql MariaDB) and ORM ㆍExperience in using git ㆍExperience in full stack• Experience designing API and linking with DB using IOT sensor-based data such as Arduino Raspberry Pi• Those with experience developing and operating PG/VAN services • Those with experience developing and operating cloud-based services • Those with experience developing .Net-based services • Those with experience developing and operating OpenAPI services• Those who are active in applying new languages ​​or frameworks • Those who have experience developing in a cloud (Google AWS Azure) environment • Those who have experience in architecture design and development • Those who can speak English• Those familiar with Python development • Those with DB structure design and SQL development capabilities • Those with experience developing/operating web services on the Linux platform • Those with the ability to design and implement RestFul API-based design • Those with passion for service development and teamwork People with good communication skills • People with development experience using AI models• Graduate of computer engineering or related major • Person with understanding of Micro Service Architecture • Agile-based software developer (DevOps)• Good communication skills • Personality and ability to actively find and improve tasks needed to improve services • Experience applying or using Typescript and writing test code (Jest Jasmine Mocha etc) • Experience using Docker or Kubernetes • Django or Flask development Experience • Experience using Git and collaborating with it • People who always worry about optimization and refactoring • Experience optimizing front-end performance or cross-browsing in multiple environments • Knowledge of development languages ​​and tools that can increase work productivity and service performance interest and adaptability• Those with experience building B2B services or logistics systems • Those with experience using cloud environments such as Kubernetes and Docker • Improve service quality through SRE (Site Reliability Engineering) test automation unit testing and TDD (Test Driven Development) experience person who contributed to• Experience in the artificial intelligence industry • Experience in full stack development • Experience in B2C service development • Understanding and experience of distribution systems • Experience in tuning legacy code • Complete experience in handling service failures and establishing and applying measures to prevent recurrence • Load on web servers Experience in management • Experience in analyzing log data and deriving insights • Experience in understanding and using Kubernetes• Those who are interested in startup business • Those with experience developing/launching/live services of platform services or commerce services • Those with experience as team leaders or those who have contributed to the development of the development environment and organizational culture • Strategies to achieve goals People who think about various things and prepare for failure • People with experience in front-end development such as React.js• Experience configuring and managing services using AWS (or other commercial cloud). • Experience with Kubernetes GitOps-based CI/CD or other Kubernetes-based CI/CD experience. • A person with experience in patiently solving difficult problems encountered while developing services. • Conversely, a person who can set a clear deadline and think broadly, without falling into the rabbit hole, and who can find and apply the “current optimal solution” rather than the “best solution without a deadline” as the goal of problem solving. • Those who believe that maintenance will continue even after service opening and that other growth will occur not only in service development but also in maintenance. • Patient and considerate communication and collaboration skills.• Those with experience leading small projects • Those with experience building services using public cloud services (AWS GCP, etc.) as infrastructure • Those with IaC experience using Kubernetes or Terraform • Those with development experience in agile processes • MSA Those with design and development experience• Python Tensorflow NLP ML Library• Those with experience developing commerce domains • Those with experience developing in an MSA environment • Those with experience handling large volumes of traffic• Able to use HTML5 CSS / Experienced • A person with Gnuboard experience and understanding • A person with PM experience • A person full of responsibility and passion• Computer-related major or equivalent CS basic knowledge • Practical experience in collaborative development based on Git and GitHub • Experience in Machine Learning development• Typescript • Express • MQTT Message Broker related projects and development experience• Experience using kubernetes • Experience using kafka mqtt • Experience developing react js • Experience using python (pandas numpy)• Those with an understanding of Telefix’s products and business models • Those with an understanding of services in the Docker/Kubernetes environment • Those with understanding or experience of microservice architecture (MSA) • Those with experience processing large amounts of data • Those with experience operating large-scale user servers • Those with experience building big data pipelines using Apache Kafka, etc. • Those who actively participate in code improvement and code reviews • Those who enjoy learning and applying new technologies • Good communication person with ability- Those with interest or domain knowledge in the blockchain industry such as DeFi NFT - Those with an understanding of MSA - Those with an understanding of database performance - Those with an understanding of CI / CD processes - Docker / COO Anyone familiar with development using containers such as Vernetis / ECS - Experience developing Nest.js Typescript projects - Experience with service planning/deployment/operation• Those who are interested in development trends and can experiment with new open sources and apply them to existing services based on the results • Those with end2end experience in operating and maintaining the initial development stage of services • Those with experience developing cloud-based real world large scale systems • Those who feel a sense of accomplishment in the process of finding and solving problems • Those who have developed systems using K8S Rancher, Prometheus Nuclio, BentoML, etc.• Experience in building and upgrading shopping products • Experience in Javascript Typescript Node Vue 3 development • Experience in version management and collaboration using Git • Experience in design and development based on RESTful API • Experience in development and operation in a Linux environment • Experience in development and operation based on Docker containers • Development and operation experience in cloud (AWS Azure, etc.) environments• Those with AA TA SA DA development experience • Those with testing and CI/CD experience- Handly's main FE consists of React (Context API React-query). - Handly is a service that excels at linking with other services such as Google API Slack API. - Handly's main FE consists of SCSS. - Redux is scheduled to be introduced in Handly's next major FE update. - Those who work on projects with a sense of responsibility and develop meticulously by thinking from the user's perspective - Those who are sensitive to changes in IT trends and are not afraid of learning - Those who can communicate and collaborate smoothly with planners, designers, and fellow developers - Those who can create a business environment Those who understand and explore ways to maximize productivity - Those who have a wide range of concerns, dig deep into problems or have strong intellectual curiosity - Those who are interested in or have experience in startup SaaS business - Those who are good at writing and documentation• Those with experience in virtualization, such as Docker Kubernetes • Those with experience in cloud deployment and operation, such as AWS Azure GCP • Those with experience in IaaS SaaS-based deployment and operation • Those with a major in a related department • Those with relevant certifications• Experience in improving legacy systems and operating large-scale systems • Experience in 2D/3D spatial information • Experience in Geoserver QGIS Openlayers Cesium GDAL development • Experience in DDD Agile Docker Kubernetes MSA Kafka Elastic Search Kubernetes, etc. Anyone who has• Those with experience in launching and servicing various platform games • Those with development experience in various fields (commerce game clients, etc.) • Those with experience designing systems for large-scale traffic and large-capacity data processing • Technology stack - Infrastructure: AWS GCP - Game server: C# (.Net Core) Blazor - Database: RDBMS Redis NoSQL - Collaboration: Git SVN Redmine Confluence & Notion• Those with AWS GCP or similar latest cloud computing capabilities • Those with experience in Elastic Search • Those with experience working with streaming media from an engineering perspective • Those with backend engineering experience in large data and traffic environments • Those with experience in test automation and writing test code • Those with Apollo GraphQL experience • Those with full stack development experience[This type of person is even better!] • Experience in DB design according to business requirements • Experience in optimizing SQL performance • Experience in using InfluxDB MongoDB Elasticsearch • Experience in using Docker • Experience in deployment and test automation • Those with experience in asynchronous programming • Those who understand business core and are able to design efficient data structures and APIs • Those with excellent follow-up processing ability to respond to various requests- Those who have experience building financial system integration - Those who have experience processing large-scale traffic - Those who know the need for CI CD experience and writing test code - Those who are supplementary position (Level 4). New professional research staff available - Rust experience preferred.[Team leader level] • Those with experience using Docker-based containers [Experienced positions] • Those with an understanding of front-end frameworks • Those with experience operating CI/CD in a cloud environment• Those with a high understanding of blockchain technology and market • Those with experience with Decentralized Identifier (DID) and Verifiable Credential (VC) blockchains • Those with experience using other Javascript frameworks such as React.js Next.js • Docker Kubernetes Anyone with basic development experience- Full-stack developer - Experience building cloud native infrastructure tools using Go / Rust / Java, etc. - CQRS / DDD / ES experience - Graphql experience• Experience or ability in Docker Kubernetes • Experience or ability in MSA • Experience or ability in server architecture design • Experience in or ability to use AWS • Good understanding of Python Django • Experience in optimization using asynchronous thread multiprocessing, etc. or ability • Experience in designing various databases • Experience in global system design • Experience in customizing Django Admin • Ability to utilize javascript or experience in web development• Work experience in the relevant position • Possess a similar portfolio related to the job • Experience in projects related to video data processing• Those who are interested in new technologies and strive for self-development • Experience and understanding of GraphQL • Node.js-based development experience • Experience in designing and developing large-scale traffic processing systems • MSA (Microservices Architecture) experience • AWS (Amazon Web Services) ) Experience • Understanding of version control systems and strategies • TDD (Test Driven Development) development experience • Peer Code Review experience • Various community and open source activities- Those with experience developing and upgrading NestJS projects based on TypeScript - Those with experience developing MLOps pipelines - Those with experience managing cloud infrastructure using IaC such as Terraform - Those with experience in MSA-type development - TDD (Test) Those who have applied the Driven Development method in practice [Technologies used by the LOVO Backend team] - TypeScript NestJS Express NodeJS - AWS ECS EC2 Lambda API Gateway S3 CloudFront SQS SNS SageMaker - AWS CodePipeline CodeBuild CodeDeploy CodeStar - AWS CloudWatch CloudTrail DataDog - Pulumi (IaC) - MongoDB - Stripe [Process of joining the LOVO Backend team] - Document submission - Job interview - Cultural fit interview - Final acceptance - In case of full-time employment, there is a 3-month probationary period. [I prefer this kind of person.] - Someone who is honest! - A person who is always sincere about self-development! - People who are passionate about their work and must do it well! - Someone who knows how to play when it’s time to play and how to work when it’s time to work! - A person who thinks and thinks about efficiency and process! - Those who strive for their own growth! - A person who is proactive and has a strong sense of responsibility in everything!- Development experience related to GIS Map - Experience developing card and mobile phone pay payment functions - Experience developing search engines using ElasticSearch - Experience developing MongoDB queries - Experience using Git• Experience in developing NMS/APM/SMS, etc. preferred • Experience with more than 4 years of startup experience preferred • Back-end development skills preferred- Those with experience serving artificial intelligence models as web/apps - Those who are active in structural design, code testing, and code coverage management to improve code quality - Those with experience in DB design and operation for processing large traffic - Experience in DevOps development - Those who have experience using distributed processing frameworks such as Celery in an operating environment - Those who have an understanding of Docker and Orchestration - Those who aim for continuous refactoring of clean code• Development team management experience • Large-scale traffic response and performance optimization experience • Large-scale logging and statistics management experience • Global service launch experience • MSA deployment experience • Efficient workload improvement experience • TypeORM development experience[Technology Stack] •Django Django Rest Framework FastAPI •MySQL PostgreSQL Redis •Pandas Numpy Celery •AWS Docker EKS Git• Those who can develop C in Linux/Unix • Those who have an understanding of encryption/decryption • Those who can do C/S programming (socket programming) • Those who have experience using open source • Those who have development experience in a cloud environment• Proficient in utilizing the Python Django framework • Experience in understanding and developing Platform API • Experience managing infrastructure using Terraform or AWS CloudFormation, etc. • Majored in computer engineering-related department • Experience in developing large-scale commercial services and operating infrastructure • API performance test analysis and improvement experience • Optimization using Cache ORM and ODM • Experience utilizing AWS (EC2 Redis Cloudfront ELB, etc.) or other clouds • Experience with or interest in live streaming technology • Understanding and developing commerce/order brokerage characteristics Someone with experience• Preference given to those with prior government curriculum experience • NCS registered training instructor • Preference given to those capable of teaching MSA Hadoop MLOps- Those with experience in establishing financial system integration - Those in supplementary positions (Level 4). New professional research staff available - Those with a deep understanding of Substrate and Frontier - Those who are familiar with various collaboration tools and are active in using new tools - Those with experience in developing in conjunction with the AWS cloud environment - Those with open source contributions Experienced and active person - Someone with a deep understanding of one or more programming languages ​​(ex. Python Typescript Solidity)- Experience in back-end engineering and operation in a cloud environment - Experience in development and operation of container environments such as Kubernetes Docker• Preference given to those with prior government curriculum experience • NCS registered training instructor • Preference given to those capable of teaching MSA Hadoop MLOpsㆍThose who understand the Rest API and can develop APIs ㆍThose who are familiar with using collaboration tools such as Git Redmine ㆍThose who have experience with various languages ​​and frameworks ㆍThose who are interested in applying and sharing the latest technology trends ㆍFor code reviews Those who actively participate- Those who are familiar with Microservice Architecture - Those who are interested in or have deep knowledge of Domain-driven Development - Those who have experience processing large transactions - Those who have experience with Concurrent Programming - Those who have Socket programming experience - Those who have experience with document OCR Anyone who has• Experience in data processing and testing in the cloud that processes large amounts of data • Experience in homepage SEO • Experience in developing B2C commerce services • Experience in building and operating data pipelines in cloud environments such as AWS GCP • Adapting to changing environments and working in technology startups/ Experience working in a scale-up environment • Communication and teamwork skills • Responsibility and persistence for assigned tasks• Python developer preferred • Major in related discipline preferred - (Preferred) Those capable of full-stack development with a high understanding of various development-related technology stacks - (Preferred) Those who want to challenge a new field.• Those with excellent document writing skills using Notion Excel, Google Spreadsheet, etc. • Those with meticulous work processing skills 【 This is how you join 】 1. Document submission 2. Pre-assignment 3. Interview 4. Reference check 5. Joining • Documents After passing, proceed with the pre-assignment. • We provide an assignment fee when you submit an assignment. • Depending on the applicant, the interview process may be followed by an assignment process. Please note that in this case, we will notify you in advance. • Interviews are held at the Code It office, and interviews related to the job and culture fit are conducted within one day. • Reference checks are conducted after the interview. • Reference checks are carried out after obtaining consent from the applicant and providing detailed information in advance about the process and deadlines. Depending on the applicant, this procedure may be omitted. 【 Submission Documents 】 • (Required) Resume • (Optional) Portfolio • (Required) Please tell us what motivated you to apply to Code It. (*No character limit) 【 Please note 】 • In the case of full-time employment, there is a 3-month probationary period. • Depending on the results of the probationary period evaluation, the probationary period may be extended or employment may be cancelled. • Working style • Codeit’s core time is from Monday to Friday from 1 to 5 p.m. • You can go to the office (Euljiro WeWork) on Mondays/Wednesdays/Fridays and work from home during non-core hours on Mondays/Wednesdays/Fridays and Tuesdays/Thursdays. (40-hour flexible work week) • Leads may request to come to work due to important company work/events.• Those with a high level of understanding of blockchain architecture • Those who are not reluctant to introduce new technologies • Those who are comfortable with collaboration and business communication- API design / system automation design experience - AWS-based service development experience - Service development experience using Docker containers - Understanding big data machine learning - MSA design or MSA-based service development experience - DevOps experience *Selection procedure Document screening - Coding test - practical interview - personality interview (personality test) - treatment consultation - joining the company• Those with experience building CI/CD • Those with experience or interest in tRPC • Those with experience writing test code and continuous structural improvement • Those familiar with using Docker and container technology • Those with experience operating Kubernetes-based deployment systems Person with • Experience in building and operating infrastructure and application monitoring systems• Work experience in the relevant position • Experience in public data open project at public institutions • Hold a similar portfolio related to the job• People with development experience under cloud (NCP AWS, etc.) systems • People with experience in build/test/deployment automation • People with experience in HTTP RESTful API systems • People with understanding of communication services• Experienced in development PL • Experienced in various development languages ​​and development environments • Experienced in launching and operating services • Experienced in data-related work for advertising platform operatorsIt's even better if you have this experience! - Those with experience processing large-scale data - Those with understanding and experience in ML and DevOps - Those with experience in Microservices or distributed server environments - Those who are familiar with Agile methodology and practice TDD Pair Programming, etc. - Python Those who are proficient in related technologies such as Flask, SQLAlchemy, and Celery• Those with experience with Flask AWS PHP (laravel) • Those with experience planning and leading platform development projects • Those with experience in backend development at large corporations or IT startups• Experience using Kubernetes (AWS EKS) • Experience configuring on-premise networks • Experience leading projects• Those who have experience using or developing APM solutions • Those with experience implementing cloud-based MSA • Those with IT service operation experience • Those with knowledge of various monitoring services• Those with development experience in the AWS Cloud environment • Those with an understanding of IaC and experience with related tools • Those with a high understanding of and interest in the E-commerce field • Those with development experience in the agile sprint development process • Project A person who can communicate smoothly during developmentIt's even better if you have this experience! - Those with experience processing large-scale data - Those with understanding and experience in ML and DevOps - Those with experience in Microservices or distributed server environments - Those who are familiar with Agile methodology and practice TDD Pair Programming, etc. - Python Those who are proficient in related technologies such as Flask, SQLAlchemy, and CeleryIt's even better if you have this experience! - Those with experience processing large-scale data - Those with understanding and experience in ML and DevOps - Those with experience in Microservices or distributed server environments - Those who are familiar with Agile methodology and practice TDD Pair Programming, etc. - Python Those who are proficient in related technologies such as Flask, SQLAlchemy, and Celery• Experience in service platform development • Those who are interested in what good code is • Those who are self-directed and can actively communicate • Those who are interested in new technologies and can actively utilize them • Python TensorFlow Random Forest NLP • ReactㆍExperience in Java Python development environment ㆍExperience in Restful API development ㆍExperience in NoSQL ㆍExperience in AWS cloud environment ㆍMajor: Computer Science/Computer Engineering Applied Software Engineering Information/Communication EngineeringThe following experience is preferred: • Experienced in infrastructure management using k8s terraform • Experienced in AWS-related certification and information security engineer certificate • Experienced in using APM and experienced in system optimization • Experienced in offline store system development• Experience in developing app services launched in the actual market • Understanding of platforms • Experience in winning development/coding related competitions • Holds information processing engineer certification• In-house technology stack: NodeJS (NestJS) PostgreSQL AWS EKS Git • Experience with MSA-based architecture • Experience using AWS services • Have a bright personality and active communication skills• Those who have experience in the rapid growth of services from initial products to mass products • Those who have experience in scale-up in fast-growing B2C platform services • Those who have leadership experience as a team leader • High understanding of the developer community as a whole People with active participation and contribution• 9 to 6 workday is recommended. • Vacation can be used for up to 9 days, including the preceding and following weekends, throughout the year. • Morning work for birthday people! • Lunch provided (use of the cafeteria) Lunch time is from 12:30 to 14:00 with break provided • School leave required! I don't work overtime. • Book support is available for necessary books. • Lecture support for self-development is available. • We work in the morning on the last Friday of every month. • English names are used due to horizontal culture.• Understanding of the Web - Overall operation process such as http protocol header cache, web socket proxy, etc. Understanding of web standards and web accessibility • Understanding of Network - tcp geoip firewall dns vpn vpc • Experience in practical use of MySQL DB (bulk query distributed processing replica failure Response) • Experience in using MongoDB query Aggregate ReplSet Experience in using ElasticSearch integration • Understanding of Linux Web Server management Understanding of scale out • Experience in controlling bulk work flow through Queue • Experience in developing and operating shopping mall solutions and databases (E-Commerce) Understanding) • Experienced in Secure Coding • As a computer engineering major, understanding of data structure and network operating system algorithms • Experience with large traffic / Experience with performance optimization• Experience in advertising system development • Experience in big data processing • Experience in developing high-volume traffic commercial services • Experience in TDD OpenAPI (swagger) • Experience in open source analysis Knowledge and experience in design pattern refactoring • Experience in winning programming-related competitions• Those who have experience developing socket servers at the top 10 domestic game developers • Those who have experience developing MMO games using Proudnet iFun Engine • Those who have experience developing socket servers that can accommodate more than 2,000 concurrent users • 100 people Those with development experience in a back-end platform team at a large or larger companyIt is even better if you have startup experience. Additionally, preference will be given to those with the following experience. - Those with excellent understanding of AWS infrastructure (AWS certification) - Those who are interested in the real estate domain• Those who are interested in development trends and can experiment with new open sources and apply them to existing services based on the results • Those with end2end experience in operating and maintaining the initial development stage of services • Those with experience developing cloud-based real world large scale systems • Those who feel a sense of accomplishment in the process of finding and solving problems • Those who have developed systems using K8S Rancher, Prometheus Nuclio, BentoML, etc.• Those with experience in fast-paced startups or agile organizations • Those with team leading experience • Those with experience developing based on Microservice architecture • Those with experience developing E-Commerce services • Those with experience operating multilingual services• Those with development experience in cloud environments such as AWS Azure GCP, etc. • Those with experience improving performance for large traffic using the Cache MQ gRPC NoSql system • Those with experience operating Microservice architecture efficiently • Docker Terraform or Those with experience using DevOps-focused technologies such as CircleCI • Those with understanding of TDD methodology and development experience based on it • Those with experience developing financial/fintech systemsㆍ Those with experience in back-end development related to medical services ㆍ Experience in writing technical documents for medical device licensing ㆍ Those with experience developing and operating MLOps ㆍ Those with experience in utilizing and operating open source solutions ㆍ Developing and developing products using public clouds (AWS AZURE, etc.) Person with operational experience